<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>ca.bellmedia.cravetv</appId><contentId>000002628390</contentId><contentName>Crave</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Crave is your complete entertainment experience with HBO, Showtime, the best movies, TV series and Originals that you can't find anywhere else.
HOW DOES IT WORK?
A subscription is required to start your access. Choose Crave or Crave + Movies + HBO for the content package that’s right for you. Go to crave.ca/subscribe for more details.
WHAT IS INCLUDED
Crave 
Critically acclaimed TV series, Showtime series and specials, Crave Originals and HBO library series and specials. Including Letterkenny, Star Trek Discovery, Castle Rock and the award-winning The Handmaid’s Tale. Showtime favourites like Ray Donovan, The Affair and new series Escape at Dannemora.
Crave + Movies + HBO
Everything you get with Crave, plus the most captivating hit movies and current seasons from HBO. Watch the latest episodes of Game of Thrones, Westworld and Camping or hit movies like Shape of Water and Red Sparrow. Crave + Movies + HBO also includes 6 live streaming channels.
WATCH ON THE GO. ANYTIME.
Download this free app on your Samsung devices to start browsing and search hundreds of titles. 
For all the legal terms &amp; conditions you need to know: crave.ca/terms
If you need more information, please visit our FAQs page: crave.ca/help
NOTE: Crave is only available in Canada

Crave, c’est LA destination pour une expérience de divertissement complète avec HBO, Showtime, les meilleurs films, séries télé et exclusivités que vous ne trouverez nul part ailleurs!
COMMENT CELA FONCTIONNE-T-IL?
Un abonnement est requis pour débuter votre expérience. Choisissez entre les plans Crave ou Crave + Films + HBO pour une expérience adaptée à vos besoins. Rendez-vous au crave.ca/subscribe pour tous les détails.
QU’EST-CE QUE ÇA COMPREND?
Crave
Des téléséries saluées par la critique, des séries et exclusivités Showtime et Crave, et certaines séries et exclusivités HBO. Inclut des titres tels que Letterkenny, Star Trek Discovery, Castle Rock, ainsi que la très primée série Handmaid’s Tale. Des succès de Showtime comme Ray Donovan, The Affair et la nouvelle série Dannemora sont également disponibles.
Crave + Films + HBO
Tout ce que vous retrouvez dans Crave, en plus des plus récents films à succès et saisons en cours de HBO. Découvrez les plus récents épisodes de Game of Thrones, Westworld et Camping, ou encore des films à succès tels que Shape of Water et Red Sparrow. Crave + Films + HBO offre également accès à 6 chaînes de contenu en diffusion continue.
VISIONNEZ PARTOUT. EN TOUT TEMPS.
Téléchargez l’application Samsung gratuite sur votre appareil pour débuter votre recherche parmi des centaines de titres.
Pour les conditions d’utilisation, veuillez visiter le : crave.ca/terms
Pour plus d’information, veuillez visiter la foire aux questions : crave.ca/help
NOTE: Crave est disponible uniquement au Canada</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000002628390/IconImage_20240730134636119_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Bell Media Inc.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Bell Media Inc.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002628390/IconImage_20240730134636119_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>6.63.2</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>39.58 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy>http://support.bell.ca/Billing-and-Accounts/Security_and_privacy/How_does_Bell_respect_my_privacy</sellerPrivatePolicy><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2024.07.30</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/ca.bellmedia.cravetv?session_id=W_F7BCE33066E3BF007A95F447CF8C79DB&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1920x1080|1920x1080|1920x1080|1920x1080||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Crave is your complete entertainment experience with HBO, Showtime, the best movies, TV series and Originals that you can't find anywhere else.
HOW DOES IT WORK?
A subscription is required to start...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Crave - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>ca.bellmedia.cravetv</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002628390/ENG/ScreenShot_20240730134636119_1920_1080_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002628390/ENG/ScreenShot_20240730134636119_1920_1080_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002628390/ENG/ScreenShot_20240730134636119_1920_1080_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002628390/ENG/ScreenShot_20240730134636119_1920_1080_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002628390/ENG/ScreenShot_20240730134636119_1920_1080_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002628390/ENG/ScreenShot_20240730134636119_1920_1080_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002628390/ENG/ScreenShot_20240730134636119_1920_1080_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002628390/ENG/ScreenShot_20240730134636119_1920_1080_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Bell Media Inc.</sellerTradeName><representation>Bell Media Inc.</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Frank Lin</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber/><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>