<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.09</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.09</createDate><userId/><commentText>Why do I even need another app to open my existing notes? This is ridiculous and an utter disappointment, I want the old notes back. Don't even think that this cheap trash is going to get you anywhere in life. This is pathetic and pointless, return the old notes back and get rid of your greedy mindsets immediately.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>moha**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.06.06</modifyDate><createDate>2023.06.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>Why do I need this stupid app to read my notes? What is the point of this</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>gemm**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.04.04</modifyDate><createDate>2023.04.04</createDate><userId/><commentText>Shouldn't have to install another add on just to read my existing notes</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>skwa**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.01.02</modifyDate><createDate>2023.01.02</createDate><userId/><commentText>Sod off greedy corporation, you should be punished by authorties, forcing add on to read a note. I wish you a very unpleasant new year</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>will**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.09.28</modifyDate><createDate>2022.09.28</createDate><userId/><commentText>This app helps me with shoping and the things I need instead off buying a pen and piece of paper I can just type for my journaling</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>yass**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.09.09</modifyDate><createDate>2022.09.09</createDate><userId/><commentText>Why do I have to install an extra app to read notes? I shouldn't need to do that.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>vinc**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.08.22</modifyDate><createDate>2022.08.22</createDate><userId/><commentText>Not enough options</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>lewi**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.08.16</modifyDate><createDate>2022.08.16</createDate><userId/><commentText>what is this garbage</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>gabr**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.06.14</modifyDate><createDate>2022.06.14</createDate><userId/><commentText>I just wanted to use my regular note pad app, this is garbage to have to install and grant access to my gallery to even open my notes.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>fraz**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.06.08</modifyDate><createDate>2022.06.08</createDate><userId/><commentText>Samsung Notes was a good app until it updated. now I can't use it at all until I install this (prohibited word) app. I would just trash it and get another app but I need to read my notes. All of my medical information is on there. Well done Samsung are you drunk?</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>andr**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.04.12</modifyDate><createDate>2022.04.12</createDate><userId/><commentText>Didn't update/ convert old notes accurately, a friend moved and changed his phone number and address, all I get now is his name.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>char**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.app.notes.addons</appId><contentId>000006178359</contentId><contentName>Samsung Notes AddOns</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Samsung Notes allows you to memo nicely and draw fabulous paintings with a S Pen

With Samsung Notes,
you can create notes containing texts, images with footnotes, voice recordings, and music.
Moreover, you can share your notes easily to SNS.
Previously made any memos from S Note and Memo also can be imported into Samsung Notes.
Samsung Notes provides various brush types and color mixers, so that you can draw fabulous paintings like professional painters.
You may also share your paintings at PEN.UP right away.
Samsung Notes is a hub for all your hand-written notes, sketches, drawings.

Creating notes
Tap + icon at the bottom of the main screen of Samsung Notes to create notes.

Locking notes
1.Tap the More options button on the main screen of Samsung Notes, select Settings,
then select Lock notes to create a password.
2.Create a password, then tap the note you want to lock.
3.Tap the More options button while viewing a note, then select Lock.

Adding text
Tap keyboard icon at the top of the screen to enter text using the keyboard.
Use the Rich text toolbar to edit the style of the text.

Adding handwriting
Tap Handwriting icon at the top of the screen to add handwriting.
Handwritten text can be recognised. You can also use handwriting to search for keywords in notes.

Adding drawings
Tap drawing icon at the top of the screen to create drawings.

Adding image and voice recordings
Tap image icon at the top of the screen to insert images.
Tap Voice recording icon at the top of the screen to insert voice recordings.

Using pen settings
Select from various pen types, sizes, and colours.

Erasing handwriting
Tap eraser icon at the bottom of the screen, then tap or swipe your finger over the handwriting you want to erase.

Using Selection mode
Tap selection icon at the bottom of the screen, then select an area of handwriting.
You can then move the selected area, adjust its size, and more.

Using brush settings
Select from various brush types and colours.
Tap the selected brush to view the brush settings again and change more settings such as the size and opacity.
Tap color icon, then select the colour you want to draw with.

Using Smart Switch.
Use Smart Switch to import S Note and Memo data from other devices.

Using Samsung account.
1.Tap the More options button while on the main screen of Samsung Notes, select Settings, then select Import data.
2.Select S Note or Memo data saved using your Samsung account, then tap the DONE button.

Syncing notes via Samsung Cloud
1.Tap the More options button while on the main screen of Samsung Notes, select Settings,
then select Sync with Samsung Cloud.
2.Register with or sign in to Samsung Cloud using your Samsung account.
Samsung Notes data will be synced automatically.

Creating notes while screen off
Detach the S Pen while the screen is turned off to create screen off memos.



*Notice Regarding Application Access Privilege :
The following permissions are required for the app service.
For optional permissions, the default functionality of the service is turned on, but not allowed.

Required permissions
• Storage: Used to save or load note files

Optional permissions
• Telephone: Used to check device-unique identification information for providing app update
• Microphone: Used to record the voice to be inserted into the note
• Camera: Used to take photos to be inserted into the note
• Location: Used to provide location information when opening web links requesting location
• Contacts: Used to read account information to sync with your account</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000006178359/IconImage_20230110072520917_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006178359/IconImage_20230110072520917_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-4-5</ratingValue><ratingNumber>4.5</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>2.1.01.6</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>29.91 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2023.01.10</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.app.notes.addons?session_id=W_A2C9150DA88C6F3A01CF1A76ED0E5F6E&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Samsung Notes allows you to memo nicely and draw fabulous paintings with a S Pen

With Samsung Notes,
you can create notes containing texts, images with footnotes, voice recordings, and music.
More...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Notes AddOns - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.app.notes.addons</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006178359/ENG/ScreenShot_20230110072520917_1440_2560_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006178359/ENG/ScreenShot_20230110072520917_1440_2560_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006178359/ENG/ScreenShot_20230110072520917_1440_2560_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006178359/ENG/ScreenShot_20230110072520917_1440_2560_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006178359/ENG/ScreenShot_20230110072520917_1440_2560_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006178359/ENG/ScreenShot_20230110072520917_1440_2560_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006178359/ENG/ScreenShot_20230110072520917_1440_2560_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006178359/ENG/ScreenShot_20230110072520917_1440_2560_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Lê Anh Quân</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>11</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>