<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2018.01.24</modifyDate><createDate>2018.01.24</createDate><userId/><commentText>The only cool thing is the big game tiles/panels. The rest can simply be done from the game launcher build in. Maybe just make a game widget</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>kaus**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.game.gamebox</appId><contentId>000002200259</contentId><contentName>GameBox Launcher beta</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>[Updated contents of 0.7.4371]&#xd;
&#xd;
1. Extension device of support increment !! - You can also find gamebox on non-Galaxy devices.&#xd;
2. Fantastic user customization! - Change the location and size of the tiles to make it even more beautiful!&#xd;
3. Added wallpaper change function - Now you can decorate your wallpaper with your favorite pictures.&#xd;
4. Add extended tiles for general apps - Notification tiles and general app tiles make it easier to use your phone.&#xd;
5. Support widget multi page and general app add-in&#xd;
&#xd;
GameBox Launcher takes the gaming experience to a whole new level for enthusiastic gamers with Galaxy smartphones.&#xd;
&#xd;
Check all your installed games in one place, customize cover images, and find information about games fast.&#xd;
&#xd;
If you want to use your smartphone like a game console, try GameBox Launcher.&#xd;
It makes running GameTuner and GameTools a lot easier too.&#xd;
&#xd;
Key Features:&#xd;
1. Give your smartphone a total makeover. &#xd;
 - This game console-like default launcher has outstanding usability.&#xd;
2. Collectively manage your games in one place. &#xd;
 - Now you can find and run your games more quickly.&#xd;
3. Your games, your design. &#xd;
 - Customize cover images to complete a collection of your own.&#xd;
4. Read up-to-date information all in one spot. &#xd;
 - You can now access game-related bookmarks and YouTube channels more easily.&#xd;
5. Customize your gaming environment easily. &#xd;
 - Adjust the game settings according to the performance of your smartphone, and create your own gaming environment.&#xd;
6. See the most popular games in the smart launcher.&#xd;
 - Check out popular games and newly released titles every day.&#xd;
7. Follow daily updates to the game charts.&#xd;
 - Find out what's happening in 5 different chart catagories, including Samsung smartphone user votes.&#xd;
8. Keep up with unmissable game events.&#xd;
 - Now the home screen only displays game-related notifications.&#xd;
9. Basic features are still supported.&#xd;
 - An awesome widget and easy-to-use apps will always be included.&#xd;
&#xd;
* How to change the default launcher&#xd;
Go to Settings -&gt; Applications -> Default applications -> Home screen, &#xd;
and change the current home screen to the desired home screen.&#xd;
(TouchWiz Home is the default launcher for Samsung smartphones.)&#xd;
&#xd;
* Supported devices (It'll be updated continuously.)&#xd;
Android devices running over the Lolipop. (Some devices may not be supported.)&#xd;
&#xd;
The following permissions are required for the app service. For optional permissions, the default functionality of the service is turned on, but not allowed. &#xd;
&#xd;
[Required permissions] &#xd;
- Storage : Purpose for storing and using coverimages for each application&#xd;
[Optional permissions]&#xd;
- Contacts : Purpose of providing services that need to be linked with registered google account information</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000002200259/IconImage_20170516093009025_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002200259/IconImage_20170516093009025_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValue><ratingNumber>3.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>0.7.4371</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>27.15 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2017.05.16</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.game.gamebox?session_id=W_B6A1B3D40DDDED641B3A53356F4088CB&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>475x845|475x845|475x845|475x845</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>[Updated contents of 0.7.4371]&#xd;
&#xd;
1. Extension device of support increment !! - You can also find gamebox on non-Galaxy devices.&#xd;
2. Fantastic user customization! - Change the location and size of ...</page_meta_desc><page_title>GameBox Launcher beta - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.game.gamebox</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002200259/ENG/ScreenShot_20170516093009025_475_845_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002200259/ENG/ScreenShot_20170516093009025_475_845_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002200259/ENG/ScreenShot_20170516093009025_475_845_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002200259/ENG/ScreenShot_20170516093009025_475_845_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002200259/ENG/ScreenShot_20170516093009025_475_845_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002200259/ENG/ScreenShot_20170516093009025_475_845_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002200259/ENG/ScreenShot_20170516093009025_475_845_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002200259/ENG/ScreenShot_20170516093009025_475_845_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Game Recorder+</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>1</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>