<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.accessory</appId><contentId>000002704735</contentId><contentName>Samsung Accessory Service</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Samsung Accessory Service provides a stable environment in which you can use a variety features by connecting accessories to your mobile device. 
 This service is compatible with various connectivity environments, and it makes using accessories with your mobile device efficient and convenient via manager applications. 
 (e.g. Samsung Gear Manager, Samsung Camera Manager Inst.) 

 Samsung Accessory Service can be used with the following accessories when connected with a mobile device. 
- Samsung Gear S2
- Samsung Gear S3 
- Samsung NX-1 

 Samsung Accessory Service provides the following features for accessories and a mobile device. 
- Connection and sending/receiving data 
- File transfer 
- WebProxy function</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl/><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL/><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>3.1.26_161116</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>8.34 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2017.09.28</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.accessory?session_id=W_B4DF6FA3E91CD906B9C96D09C8B8C5DF&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>|||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Samsung Accessory Service provides a stable environment in which you can use a variety features by connecting accessories to your mobile device. 
 This service is compatible with various connectivi...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Accessory Service - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.accessory</appId><Screenshot><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>SAP팀</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>