<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.dkey</appId><contentId>000006004698</contentId><contentName>Samsung Pass Digital Key</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Samsung Pass Digital Key

• What kind of feature is a Digital Key?
The Digital Key provides the same functions as a car key using your smartphone. 
The information is safely stored in the embedded Secure Element (eSE) of your smartphone, and makes driving your car much easier.
This feature can be used safely and easily as it complies with the standards of the global standards organization, CCC (Car Connectivity Consortium). 
Smartphone manufacturers and car manufacturers all around the world are collaborating, providing high compatibility.

• Is it safe to use Digital Keys?
As Digital Keys are stored in the embedded Secure Element (eSE) of the smartphone, the user’s information is protected from external attacks. 

• How can I start registering my car key?
(*) To register a Digital Key, you must install the car manufacturer's mobile app or receive a registration information message from them.
(1) Register your car information in the car’s app by following the guidelines of the supporting car manufacturer.
(2) Get in your car with the physical key, and then follow the car navigation menu instructions. 
(3) Tap the Digital Key registration menu in the car manufacturer’s app.
(4) Samsung Pass will open, and you will be able to register your car key by following the app's instructions.
    If this is your first time using Samsung Pass, you will be able to proceed after setting up your Samsung Pass, which will include fingerprint registration, etc.

• Using a digital key with the NFC feature
Touch the NFC antenna area of the smartphone with the digital key registered to the vehicle’s door. The door will unlock or lock.
After you place the smartphone on the vehicle’s wireless charging pad and the digital key is authenticated, you can start the vehicle using the start button.
(*) To use this feature, the smartphone and vehicle must support the NFC feature.

• Using a digital key with the Ultra-Wideband (UWB) feature
The vehicle’s door will unlock when you get close to the vehicle with your smartphone, and will lock when you move away.
After the digital key is authenticated when you get inside the vehicle, you can start the vehicle using the start button.
(*) To use this feature, the smartphone and vehicle must support the Ultra-Wideband (UWB) feature.

The following access permissions are required to provide you with this feature.
Basic features can be used even if optional access permissions are not granted.

[Required Access Permission]
- Phone: To read the phone number saved in the SIM to ensure that it is the correct recipient of the shared Key

[Optional Access Permission]
- Location: To check your location when using a Digital Key (If using the UWB (ultra-wideband) method)
- Contacts: If you select a person saved in your Contacts to share a Key with
- Phsical activity : Used to detect when you’re moving toward your car so your digital keys can be activated
- Nearby devices : Used to communicate with nearby devices when using digital keys

For more information, please go to https://help.content.samsung.com.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000006004698/IconImage_20220321023946725_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006004698/IconImage_20220321023946725_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValue><ratingNumber>5.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>1.0.05.32</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>27.73 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2022.03.21</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.dkey?session_id=W_C5F5FCF9FB50F43DB9D96196BB3FE098&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>sensors</permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1080x2160|1080x2160|1080x2160|1080x2160||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Samsung Pass Digital Key

• What kind of feature is a Digital Key?
The Digital Key provides the same functions as a car key using your smartphone. 
The information is safely stored in the embedded ...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Pass Digital Key - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.dkey</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006004698/ENG/ScreenShot_20220321023946725_1080_2160_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006004698/ENG/ScreenShot_20220321023946725_1080_2160_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006004698/ENG/ScreenShot_20220321023946725_1080_2160_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006004698/ENG/ScreenShot_20220321023946725_1080_2160_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006004698/ENG/ScreenShot_20220321023946725_1080_2160_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006004698/ENG/ScreenShot_20220321023946725_1080_2160_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006004698/ENG/ScreenShot_20220321023946725_1080_2160_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006004698/ENG/ScreenShot_20220321023946725_1080_2160_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>이효근</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>