<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2023.12.01</modifyDate><createDate>2023.12.01</createDate><userId/><commentText>I hate Google I believe it is one of the worst things that we could use unfortunately Samsung keyboard has just out done Google in the pathetic scale what are you doing guys Samsung products are meant to be the best in the world or  so I was led to believe well Samsung keyboard it's plague with problems fix it</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>rodn**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2021.12.17</modifyDate><createDate>2021.12.17</createDate><userId/><commentText>the newest update is terrible. typing is a chore now, the word suggestions and corrections arent even close. how do i get my old keyboard setting back?</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>elou**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.10.03</modifyDate><createDate>2020.10.03</createDate><userId/><commentText>Has stopped working months ago and still isn't fixed. And NO I DO DON'T WANT TO HAVE TO FACTORY RESET TO MAYBE HAVE IT WORK AGAIN! Sort your things out samsung. Probably the last samaung device i buy.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>aida**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.08.21</modifyDate><createDate>2020.08.21</createDate><userId/><commentText>Doesn't work any more, so frustrating!</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jasp**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.08.24</modifyDate><createDate>2020.08.21</createDate><userId/><commentText>This app needs regular feature updates. Add swipe to delete words and a number keypad on either side of the keyboard.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>prin**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.08.11</modifyDate><createDate>2020.08.11</createDate><userId/><commentText>Lost gifs, stickers and smileys after update. Trash.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>vine**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.07.15</modifyDate><createDate>2020.07.15</createDate><userId/><commentText>Give us the option to remove .www and .com when typing in URL bar because I keep pressing the dot button when I'm trying to press space bar. Space bar is too small in browsers. Im using the url bar for Google search so I don't need .com or .www</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>bk.k**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.07.09</modifyDate><createDate>2020.07.09</createDate><userId/><commentText>I no longer have the option of predictive text. I can see it as a faded out option which i cannot select. Not sure why it stopped working for me.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>goss**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.07.02</modifyDate><createDate>2020.07.02</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hopeless!!! notification comes up the new samsung keyboard no longer compatible with gifs or stickers. Not happy... Needs urgent fixing/updating Samsung you can do better than this 😡</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>nrlh**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.06.27</modifyDate><createDate>2020.06.27</createDate><userId/><commentText>Lags like crazy</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>camm**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.06.24</modifyDate><createDate>2020.06.24</createDate><userId/><commentText>Since the update it messes all the input languages up. It doesn't separate the dictionary/words from different input languages anymore eg. when typing/swiping with Spanish the predictive text gives me English words and vice versa with English input chosen, and it doesn't highlight it as a spelling error even though it's not in the selected language. It looks like such a mess when multiple languages are added to the keyboard</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>afgb**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.06.21</modifyDate><createDate>2020.06.21</createDate><userId/><commentText>Predictive text not working</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jere**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.06.21</modifyDate><createDate>2020.06.21</createDate><userId/><commentText>Not working anymore.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>meli**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.09.09</modifyDate><createDate>2020.06.17</createDate><userId/><commentText>All fixed now, update must have deleted languages! Re downloaded my languages and turned on now it's all working great again thanks.  Auto complete, spellcheck, predictive text, none work anymore! All fixed now</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>step**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.06.17</modifyDate><createDate>2020.06.17</createDate><userId/><commentText>Very slow and laggy after the first update.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>bela**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.sec.android.inputmethod</appId><contentId>000004858211</contentId><contentName>Samsung Keyboard</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Have fun typing with Samsung Keyboard. Various input methods and convenient features help make typing easier and more convenient for you.

[Key Features]
• Multilanguage support
- Samsung Keyboard supports over 80 languages.

• Smart typing
- Predictive text: Learns how you type and recommends words and phrases as you type. The recommendation feature will perform better based on the data Samsung Keyboard gathers for each user.
- Auto spell check: Finds typos and suggests correct alternatives. 
- Text shortcuts: Creates shortcuts for frequently used words and phrases. You can easily input text by typing shortcuts and selecting text from the recommendation window.
- Switching input languages: You can change the input language by swiping the spacebar to the left or right.
- It provides optimized keys for different input windows such as address, email, and search.
- Samsung Keyboard analyzes how you usually type, so it will correct your typos.

• Various input methods
- Clipboard: You can select text or images saved to the clipboard, and paste them.
- Keyboard swipe controls: You can input text or move the cursor by performing gestures on the keyboard screen.
- Voice input and Handwriting recognition are available.
- Split keyboard, Floating keyboard, and One-handed input keyboard are available.

• Keyboard custom settings
- Long-press the Custom key to open the Option and Symbol list, and select one that you want to assign a shortcut for. (e.g., Voice input, Handwriting recognition, Clipboard, Emoji, One-handed input mode, Keyboard settings, or Symbols)
- Custom symbols: Save your frequently used symbols and favorite symbols, and use them later. Open the Symbol list by long-pressing the period (.) to easily input symbols.
- Keyboard size, Number keys, and Alternative characters: You can adjust the keyboard size freely in all four directions, and also decide whether or not the Number keys and Alternative characters should be included on the keyboard.
- High contrast keyboard: Samsung Keyboard provides a high-contrast keyboard to take into account users with low vision or color vision impairment.

• Other features
- Emoji: Express your personality in a fun way using over 3,000 emojis.
- Language update: It adds and learns new words on a regular basis. You can update languages via the Keyboard settings.
- Backup and restore: You can back up and restore the Keyboard settings and data using Samsung Cloud.
- It provides optimized keyboard layouts when you are using Car mode, Samsung DeX, or a Keyboard cover, and also supports text input via a hardware keyboard.

※ The available features may differ depending on the country or the device.

[Supported Languages]
English (US, UK, AU), Italian, Spanish (US, ES), Galician, Catalan, Basque, Dutch, Polish, Portuguese, Norwegian, Danish, Swedish, Finnish, Icelandic, Estonian, Romanian, Bosnian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Slovak, Turkish, Azerbaijani, Albanian, Vietnamese, Tagalog, Uzbek, Afrikaans, Javanese, Sundanese, Turkmen, Swahili, Yoruba, Igbo, Hausa, Twi, Zulu, Sesotho, Xhosa, Irish, Silesian, Indonesian, Malay, German, Czech, Croatian, Slovenian, Hungarian, Serbian, French (FR, CA), Malagasy, Russian, Bulgarian, Ukrainian, Kazakh, Macedonian, Mongolian, Kyrgyz, Tajik, Belarus, Arabic, Farsi, Urdu, Hindi, Tamil, Kannada, Gujarati, Telugu, Malayalam, Bengali, Assamese, Punjabi, Sinhala, Nepali, Marathi, Oriya (Odia), Maithili, Greek, Hebrew, Georgian, Armenian, Korean, Simplified Chinese | Mainland, Traditional Chinese | HK, Traditional Chinese | TW, Japanese, Thai, Lao, Khmer, Myanmar, Tibetan</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000004858211/IconImage_20200313060430042_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004858211/IconImage_20200313060430042_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValue><ratingNumber>3.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>3.5.42.0</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>59.53 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2020.03.13</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.sec.android.inputmethod?session_id=W_AAEDAE8A6AE8B7D630486107B5F79F3E&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Have fun typing with Samsung Keyboard. Various input methods and convenient features help make typing easier and more convenient for you.

[Key Features]
• Multilanguage support
- Samsung Keyboard ...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Keyboard - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.sec.android.inputmethod</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004858211/ENG/ScreenShot_20200313060430042_1440_2560_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004858211/ENG/ScreenShot_20200313060430042_1440_2560_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004858211/ENG/ScreenShot_20200313060430042_1440_2560_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004858211/ENG/ScreenShot_20200313060430042_1440_2560_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004858211/ENG/ScreenShot_20200313060430042_1440_2560_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004858211/ENG/ScreenShot_20200313060430042_1440_2560_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004858211/ENG/ScreenShot_20200313060430042_1440_2560_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004858211/ENG/ScreenShot_20200313060430042_1440_2560_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004858211/ENG/ScreenShot_20200313060430042_1440_2560_320_5.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004858211/ENG/ScreenShot_20200313060430042_1440_2560_5.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004858211/ENG/ScreenShot_20200313060430042_1440_2560_320_6.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004858211/ENG/ScreenShot_20200313060430042_1440_2560_6.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName/><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>47</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>