<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2024.01.16</modifyDate><createDate>2024.01.16</createDate><userId/><commentText>This app is clearly designed for left-handed people. Only 82.42% of people are Right-handed.
This Text Field is on the right half of the screen. A neon lit fail !

The keyboard floats on the RIGHT side of my Tab S8 screen, UNDER my hand. So my hand and keyboard COVERS the note text page on Right.
 * I make constant mistakes because I cannot check text at input.
Use it for 10 seconds, you know when you know.

There's no way to swap the Reminder text field, from right side to left side, of screen half.

I've just found Samsung Notes app, which is 4,578% EASIER &amp; BETTER to use than Reminder app.

I'm flummoxed why I've used Reminder app for more than 1 year. I must have brain damage from COVID. 
Reminder is a massive GIU fail, designed by idiots.

Clearly human intelligence is massively lagging behind human evolution. Try using AI to design, in future.

Text Right side = Wrong side</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>zeer**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.01.09</modifyDate><createDate>2024.01.09</createDate><userId/><commentText>What's that I can't uninstall This Samsung Reminder App from My Claimed</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jani**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.11.17</modifyDate><createDate>2023.11.17</createDate><userId/><commentText>Don't want &amp; can't uninstall. Pi55 off, Samsung. Stick your bloatware  up your butts.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>anni**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.11.04</modifyDate><createDate>2023.11.04</createDate><userId/><commentText>Set up tasks to repeat daily. They do not repeat daily. For some reason they shift to a day or two ahead.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>rows**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.11.04</modifyDate><createDate>2023.11.04</createDate><userId/><commentText>GREAT APP</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jowi**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.07.07</modifyDate><createDate>2023.07.07</createDate><userId/><commentText>Don't want or need this app. My calendar app does everything this app does and more. Making this reminder app obsolete before was even on my phone. Where is the uninstall option?</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>lil_**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.06.18</modifyDate><createDate>2023.06.18</createDate><userId/><commentText>I like this app but the recent update shows all of the completed reminders as well as the uncompleted ones in the widget and as I have over 500 completed it's a lot to scroll through. I prefer it the old way. Other than that I like the way the app functions</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jade**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.06.12</modifyDate><createDate>2023.06.12</createDate><userId/><commentText>It needs to be much, much more customizable. I have to stuff around with it for a long time to get it to do what I need, having customizable and flexible options would change that and make it much more appealing. Looking for a better option still</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>elis**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.05.23</modifyDate><createDate>2023.05.23</createDate><userId/><commentText>Let me Uninstall this unwanted bloatware app</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>yfzu**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.04.08</modifyDate><createDate>2023.04.08</createDate><userId/><commentText>This is most important app on my phone</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>333w**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.01.06</modifyDate><createDate>2023.01.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>Very good. Only issue is calendar shows Monday first day of the week when I have Sunday set as first.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>y.is**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.01.05</modifyDate><createDate>2023.01.05</createDate><userId/><commentText>Very reliable, easy to use app!</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-4-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>rolf**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.12.30</modifyDate><createDate>2022.12.30</createDate><userId/><commentText>Best app!</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>alti**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.12.27</modifyDate><createDate>2022.12.27</createDate><userId/><commentText>Handy app. The search function doesn't work though which is annoying.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>stev**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.app.reminder</appId><contentId>000006417222</contentId><contentName>Reminder</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Reminder is a smart app that lets you easily add things to do or remember to your device. It alerts you of them in advance at the right time, in the right place, according to your situation.

• Receive alerts at any time, anywhere
Reminder provides several time alert conditions, such as date, day, and time options, as well as repeat conditions.
You can receive alerts from Reminder when you arrive at or leave a specific location. When you need to buy something from a mall, create a reminder by adding a place condition.
When you create a location-based notification reminder, you can set it to receive notifications at specified times.
If you want to get notifications to let you know when to get off the bus on your way home from work, then create a reminder to notify you by the time you arrive. You can set the reminder for anywhere between 5 p.m. to 12 a.m. when you usually leave the office and head home.
※ You need to turn on "Location" on your device to receive alerts for reminders that have a place condition.
You can create a reminder to alert you only once or repeatedly until you check it so you don't miss out on important things.

You can receive reminder alerts when you get in or out of your car. For instance, you can receive an alert when you need to be reminded of something that you need to take with you before getting out of your car.
※ You need to turn on "Bluetooth" on your smartphone to receive alerts when getting in or out of your car.
※ You need to register your car's Bluetooth device in Samsung account > Places > Add > Car. (You only need to register once)
※ Reminder can alert you when you get in or out of your car based on when your car's Bluetooth device connects to or disconnects from your smartphone.

• Different ways of creating reminders
1) Open the Reminder app and then create a reminder.
2) While pressing down the Bixby key, create a reminder using your voice. For example, say "Remind me to pick up milk at 2 pm today." Then, a reminder that will alert you at 2:00 PM is created.
3) Tap the Share button from any app, select Reminder, and then attach a text message, photo, link, etc. to a reminder. For instance, when you find something that you want to read again on the internet, tap the Share button, and select Reminder. Then, the relevant link is saved to a reminder.
4) In some Samsung apps, such as Message or Video, you can create a reminder using the Send to Reminder button.
※ If you want to create a reminder by giving Bixby a voice command, then you need to sign in using your Samsung account, and also connect to a network.
※ The apps supported by Reminder are subject to change.

• Different ways of checking reminders
You can check created reminders through the Calendar app, Reminder Edge panel, and Reminder widget.
※ You can only view reminders that include time alert conditions in Calendar on devices running Android 9 Pie or later.

• Tips for making the most of Reminder
When you receive a text message containing a coupon, touch and hold the coupon in the text message, add it to Reminder, and then use it when you arrive at the relevant store, coffee shop, or hair salon.
Remember your parking location with the help of Bixby Voice. You can save your parking location to your device by saying, "Remember that my parking location is Basement 3." When you want to know where your car is parked, say "Tell me where I parked my car." 

• Permissions
The following permissions are required for the app service. For optional permissions, the default functionality of the service is turned on, but not allowed. 
[Required permissions] 
• Notification : Notify you of reminders
[Optional permissions]
• Calendar : Move Tasks of Calendar to Reminder
• Contacts : Save contact information in the reminder
• Location : Add and use location-based alert reminders
• Storage : Save and read image file
• Nearby Devices : Provide reminders when you get into or out of your car</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>• Supports syncing when dismissing notifications between Galaxy devices logged in to the same Samsung account
• Selects whether to show recent searches</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000006417222/IconImage_20240118062633576_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006417222/IconImage_20240118062633576_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>12.4.06.0</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>26.25 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2024.01.18</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.app.reminder?session_id=W_C147933018E23FC32661CFFADE1B86F7&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>calendar</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2848|1440x2848|1440x2848|1440x2848|1440x2848|||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Reminder is a smart app that lets you easily add things to do or remember to your device. It alerts you of them in advance at the right time, in the right place, according to your situation.
</page_meta_desc><page_title>Reminder - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.app.reminder</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006417222/ENG/ScreenShot_20240118062633576_1440_2848_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006417222/ENG/ScreenShot_20240118062633576_1440_2848_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006417222/ENG/ScreenShot_20240118062633576_1440_2848_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006417222/ENG/ScreenShot_20240118062633576_1440_2848_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006417222/ENG/ScreenShot_20240118062633576_1440_2848_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006417222/ENG/ScreenShot_20240118062633576_1440_2848_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006417222/ENG/ScreenShot_20240118062633576_1440_2848_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006417222/ENG/ScreenShot_20240118062633576_1440_2848_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006417222/ENG/ScreenShot_20240118062633576_1440_2848_320_5.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006417222/ENG/ScreenShot_20240118062633576_1440_2848_5.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>최병우</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>14</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>