<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.samsungpay.gear</appId><contentId>000002620462</contentId><contentName>Samsung Pay (Watch plug-in) Malaysia</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>This Samsung Pay companion app is used to manage Samsung Pay on Gear. It is accessed from a menu in the Samsung Gear manager app and provides the User Interface to assist with card management and notification settings, and to access your Terms of Use and transaction history. 

Samsung Pay on Gear is now officially available to use
You’re now able to buy a bottle of water or pick up the dry cleaning, almost anywhere you can swipe your card, even if you don’t have your phone or wallet with you. Because Gear S3 supports both MST (Magnetic Secure Transmission) and NFC (Near Field Communication) payment technologies.
*Samsung Pay on Gear S2 is only compatible with NFC readers. It is not available for use with magnetic strip readers.

Simple Steps to Pay
Once you activate Samsung Pay on your Gear, simply press and hold “Back” key on your Gear to launch Samsung Pay, select your card, and pay by holding your Gear near any card reader or NFC terminal.

Leave Your Phone Behind 
Roam without your phone. Pay without a hassle. Samsung Pay on your Gear S3 can be used even without your phone nearby, so you can shop untethered.
*For best results, Samsung Pay on Gear requires network connection through LTE, Wi-Fi or via Bluetooth pairing with compatible smartphone. After Initial setup, Samsung Pay on Gear can make at least five transactions without reconnecting to a network. 

Samsung Rewards Program support on companion app
Earn points as you make a purchase with Samsung Pay. Redeem your points for entry into instant win games, Samsung Rewards cards, Samsung products or gift cards to your favorite stores. Check more details here: http://www.samsung.com/us/samsung-pay/rewards/

Compatible Banks and Credit Cards
Supports American Express, Bank of America, Chase, Citibank, PNC Bank, U.S. Bank, Wells Fargo Bank - and more. We are constantly adding new financial partners to support Samsung Pay. A detailed list of supported credit and debit cards that are compatible with Samsung Pay can be found at: http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/app/samsung-pay-gear#compatibility

Secure and Private
Your actual account number is never shared with a retailer. Samsung Pay transmits a one-time use digital card number each time a transaction is made. Samsung Pay is protected by Samsung KNOX® while transactions can only be authorized with your PIN. For added security, you can remotely lock or erase your payment cards in Samsung Pay using the 'Samsung Find My Mobile' service. 

Service Notice
Samsung Pay on Gear does not support all functionality provided in Samsung Pay for smartphones. We are constantly working to add more features. Stay tuned!

Feedback
We appreciate your interest in using the Samsung Pay on Gear and helping us craft the best experience possible. Any consumer feedback is welcome and can be sent to: https://us.community.samsung.com/. Any feedback you send to Samsung, electronically or otherwise, is and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, unless otherwise stated in the Samsung Pay Privacy Policy(https://usa.visa.com/legal/privacy-policy.html).

Legal disclosure: "Only compatible with select cards, carriers, Samsung Gear devices and Android smartphones running 4.4 and above; see the Samsung Pay Support page for compatibility information." (http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/app/samsung-pay-gear#compatibility)

More information
Customer support page: http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/app/samsung-pay-gear</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000002620462/IconImage_20170616043204047_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002620462/IconImage_20170616043204047_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>1.7.3006</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>31.5 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2018.08.20</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.samsungpay.gear?session_id=W_F403A1F2F5355FB041627AD5E0F8315B&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>sms</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes/><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>This Samsung Pay companion app is used to manage Samsung Pay on Gear. It is accessed from a menu in the Samsung Gear manager app and provides the User Interface to assist with card management and n...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Pay (Watch plug-in) Malaysia - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.samsungpay.gear</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002620462/ENG/ScreenShot_20170616043204047_1440_2560_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002620462/ENG/ScreenShot_20170616043204047_1440_2560_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002620462/ENG/ScreenShot_20170616043204047_1440_2560_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002620462/ENG/ScreenShot_20170616043204047_1440_2560_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002620462/ENG/ScreenShot_20170616043204047_1440_2560_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002620462/ENG/ScreenShot_20170616043204047_1440_2560_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002620462/ENG/ScreenShot_20170616043204047_1440_2560_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002620462/ENG/ScreenShot_20170616043204047_1440_2560_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>주민호</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>