<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>au.com.vodafone.mobile.gss</appId><contentId>000002315301</contentId><contentName>MyVodafone</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Take control of your mobile account with My Vodafone. It’s a fast and easy way to manage your service and to keep track of your usage.&#xd;
&#xd;
With My Vodafone you can:&#xd;
&#xd;
• Check your call, TXT and data usage &#xd;
• Recharge your prepaid service&#xd;
• Buy Data and International Call Add-ons&#xd;
• View recent bills and payments&#xd;
• Pay your bill &#xd;
• View when your contract ends&#xd;
• Manage your account details&#xd;
• Manage your international roaming settings&#xd;
• Manage your direct debit information&#xd;
&#xd;
The features of the app are subject to change. The app is free but download charges apply for downloading from the Google Play Store. Non Vodafone customers can download the app however data charges will apply as per your plan rate. When accessing the app overseas, international roaming charges will apply. When on Wi-Fi, My Vodafone may not continuously update if you’ve logged out of the app.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl/><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL/><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>3.3.2</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>2.11 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2017.02.10</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/au.com.vodafone.mobile.gss?session_id=W_67960C91885FA9BCE5D788D777113D9A&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>|||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Take control of your mobile account with My Vodafone. It’s a fast and easy way to manage your service and to keep track of your usage.&#xd;
&#xd;
With My Vodafone you can:&#xd;
&#xd;
• Check your call, TXT and dat...</page_meta_desc><page_title>MyVodafone - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>au.com.vodafone.mobile.gss</appId><Screenshot><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>김현석</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>