<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2018.06.19</modifyDate><createDate>2018.06.19</createDate><userId/><commentText>cant uninstall yet it now says the version isn't compatible with my device.  funny it used to work</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>weny**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2018.06.10</modifyDate><createDate>2018.06.10</createDate><userId/><commentText>Step counter stops working</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>toni**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2018.03.16</modifyDate><createDate>2018.03.16</createDate><userId/><commentText>Almost perfect, but can we have skateboarding as a trackable activity please?</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValueNumber><loginId>ccos**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2018.03.11</modifyDate><createDate>2018.03.11</createDate><userId/><commentText>Love the app but would like to see total distance walked on the weekly summary.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>step**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2018.03.01</modifyDate><createDate>2018.03.01</createDate><userId/><commentText>Loved this app until it randomly started showing an error stating it cant run on a rooted device.....device isn't rooted</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>rach**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2018.02.27</modifyDate><createDate>2018.02.27</createDate><userId/><commentText>I've been reporting for months that the App constantly crashes on my Galaxy S7 with no help from Samsung</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>Tony**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2018.02.17</modifyDate><createDate>2018.02.17</createDate><userId/><commentText>I walked with my Note 8 and S8. The difference of step count was around 4000 steps. HOW MUCH WE CAN TRUST THIS APP? HOW REALIABLE?</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>shre**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2018.02.09</modifyDate><createDate>2018.02.09</createDate><userId/><commentText>It would be great if it would let me re-edit saved foods/ description instead of having to delete the whole thing just to re do it again?</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>euge**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2018.02.08</modifyDate><createDate>2018.02.08</createDate><userId/><commentText>Should be able to change units to kilojoules</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>alan**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2018.02.06</modifyDate><createDate>2018.02.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>Good app but not enough sports included. Would love to have trampoline added!</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValueNumber><loginId>laby**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2018.02.05</modifyDate><createDate>2018.02.05</createDate><userId/><commentText>Please update your sports list to include netball. It's very popular in Australia.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValueNumber><loginId>j.ly**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2018.02.02</modifyDate><createDate>2018.02.02</createDate><userId/><commentText>I'M GETTING CHINESE ALL OVER TJIS APP AND I'M IN AUSTRALIA USING AUSTRALIAN DEVICE! WHATS GOING ON???? Stopped notifications but they didn't</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>meta**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2018.01.07</modifyDate><createDate>2018.01.07</createDate><userId/><commentText>do not hsck onto people apps and disable them...give it back top galaxy platform...get your own</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>chri**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2017.12.12</modifyDate><createDate>2017.12.12</createDate><userId/><commentText>Not syncing since last s3 update</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>arno**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2017.12.07</modifyDate><createDate>2017.12.07</createDate><userId/><commentText>agree with many others. stop forcing your apps on us. if i want any i will install them.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>mfre**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.sec.android.app.shealth</appId><contentId>000001118419</contentId><contentName>Samsung Health</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Samsung Health provides core features to keep up your body fit and healthy. It will record and analyze your daily activities and habits to help maintain successful diet and lead healthy lifestyle.

Whether you walk or run, hike or bike, play indoor or outdoor sports, you can add and track the various physical exercises and activities in a single step using the various built-in trackers.

Samsung Health helps to create a balanced lifestyle pattern by recording a variety of information like your food, caffeine and water intake details.

Provide your daily snacks, food, water and caffeine intake and track your diet and weight on the go while staying comfortable using the sleep &amp; stress tracker.

Manage health and environmental records such as heart rate, blood pressure, blood glucose levels, stress, weight &amp; SpO₂ using built-in sensors and third party devices.

Trackers enable user to easily and quickly check meaningful data based on user preferences. The intuitive charts, helpful tips and physical exercise programs guide you to achieve your fitness and diet goals.

Manage your fitness activities, track your weight and monitor your diet using Samsung Galaxy and Gear devices.

The App supports all Samsung smartphones starting from Galaxy S3 onwards and includes Non-Samsung Android smartphones as well.

Exercise programs such as Baby steps to 5K, Run 5K and so on are available to take your running to the next level and you will be guided via voice prompts during workout.

Compete with your friends and check your ranking. You can compete with your friends in the address box once your Samsung account is registered.

Check daily health news of your preference with customized news feed. Keep your body strong and healthy with tips offered by health professionals.

Discover the best health and fitness apps that can connect with Samsung Health. Many health apps including 'Technogym' and 'Coach by Cigna' can be linked with Samsung Health.

Tablets and some mobile devices may not be supported. Some functions may not be available based on regions/service providers/devices. Samsung Health requires Android OS 4.4 or above.

Samsung Health supports over 70 languages, including English, French, and Chinese. An English language version is available for the rest of the world.

Please note that Samsung Health is intended for fitness and wellness purposes only and is not intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease.

Samsung Health protects your private health data securely. All Samsung Galaxy models released after August 2016, Knox enabled Samsung Health service will be available. Please be noted that Knox enabled Samsung Health service will not be available from rooted mobile.

The following permissions are required for the app service. For  optional permissions, the default functionality of the service is turned on,  but not allowed.
Required permissions
* None

Optional permissions
* Telephone: Used to check device-unique identification information for providing app update and app analysis information
* Camera: Used for barcode recognition, food photography, and recognition  of blood glucose meter and blood pressure meter
* Microphone: Used to provide recording function for telemedicine
* Location: Used to check the movement path and movement of the user during  exercise
* Contacts: Used to make friends when using Together function as contact  information
* Body sensors: Used to measure heart rate, oxygen saturation, and  stress
* SMS: Used for phone number authentication when using Together  function
* Storage: Used to save or load exercise information, exercise photos or food photos

If your system software version is lower than Android 6.0, please update the software to configure App permissions.
Previously allowed permissions can be reset on Apps menu in device settings after software update.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>* 5.14
-Personalized self-care activities designed by experts to help you manage your diabetes(US only).
-Various bug fixes and improvements applied.

* 5.13
- Explore programmes designed by fitness professionals to help you achieve your fitness goals.
- Try setting a new weight management goal based on calorie balance.
- Follow the daily health missions to improve your health and earn bonus XP points.
- The following Accessory is now also supported: InBody Dial (H20B)
- Ask an Expert lets you have online doctor visits 24/7. (US &amp; India only)</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000001118419/IconImage_20171027074845044_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001118419/IconImage_20171027074845044_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-3-5</ratingValue><ratingNumber>3.5</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>5.14.1.003</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>67.25 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2018.04.27</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.sec.android.app.shealth?session_id=W_CFFD8454E93A12154BFFE7FD574D033E&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><screenshotRes>1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Samsung Health provides core features to keep up your body fit and healthy. It will record and analyze your daily activities and habits to help maintain successful diet and lead healthy lifestyle.
</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Health - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.sec.android.app.shealth</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001118419/ENG/ScreenShot_20171027074845044_1440_2560_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001118419/ENG/ScreenShot_20171027074845044_1440_2560_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001118419/ENG/ScreenShot_20171027074845044_1440_2560_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001118419/ENG/ScreenShot_20171027074845044_1440_2560_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001118419/ENG/ScreenShot_20171027074845044_1440_2560_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001118419/ENG/ScreenShot_20171027074845044_1440_2560_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001118419/ENG/ScreenShot_20171027074845044_1440_2560_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001118419/ENG/ScreenShot_20171027074845044_1440_2560_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>김대현</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>252</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>