<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>sg.gov.mnd.OneService</appId><contentId>000003040874</contentId><contentName>OneService-Serving Your Estate</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>The OneService App is a convenient platform that allows you to make improvements to your neighbourhood, access information, receive alerts, and engage one another- anytime, anywhere.

- Improve your neighbourhood by submitting feedback
Fix issues like cleanliness, pests and maintenance of greenery and infrastructure by using this App. We will help to direct your feedback to the relevant Town Council or authorities such as HDB, NEA, LTA and NParks. There is no need for you to indicate which agency is responsible!

- Be informed of happenings in your neighbourhood
Receive dengue and air quality alerts. Be informed of renovation works and lift faults in your block.

- Make a difference in your neighbourhood
Refer persons in need to social service agencies via the Help Neighbour feature. Participate in surveys via ‘What Say You?’ to provide your views on your living environment.

- Enjoy facilities in your neighbourhood
Book facilities such as void decks and multi-purpose halls for weddings and funerals.
Find parking in nearby carparks, pay for parking at coupon-based car parks.

Download the OneService App and login with your Singpass account to start improving your neighbourhood today!

KEY APP FEATURES
Report municipal issues in your neighbourhood such as:
- Facilities maintenance in HDB estates
- Illegal parking
- Cleanliness
- Roads &amp; Footpaths
- Animals &amp; Birds
- Pests
- Smoking in prohibited places
- And more!!

Other OneService App features include:
- Receive notifications on happenings in the neighbourhood, including HDB renovation and lift faults
- Receive weather, air quality and dengue updates
- Refer persons in need to social safety agencies
- Book facilities
- Participate in surveys to improve your neighbourhood
- Find parking in nearby carparks
- Pay for parking at coupon-based carparks


ABOUT ONESERVICE
This application is a Smart Nation Initiative developed by the Municipal Services Office. Municipal Services Office partners 17 Town Councils and 10 government agencies:
- Building and Construction Authority (BCA)
- Housing and Development Board (HDB)
- Land Transport Authority (LTA)
- National Environment Agency (NEA)
- National Parks (NParks)
- People’s Association (PA)
- PUB, the National Water Agency
- Singapore Land Authority (SLA)
- Singapore Police Force (SPF)
- Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA)


FEEDBACK
For feedback on the One Service App, you can submit it as a case via the app.
If you are unable to access the OneService App, please email mso_appenquiry@mnd.gov.sg
TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY
By downloading, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy of the OneService App.
URL for Terms of Use:
https://www.oneservice.gov.sg/terms
URL for Privacy Policy:
https://www.oneservice.gov.sg/privacy</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>- Features and Security Enhancements
- Bug fixes</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000003040874/IconImage_20231107015434313_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Ministry of National Development (Singapore)</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Ministry of National Development (Singapore)</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003040874/IconImage_20231107015434313_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>7.1.0</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>26.5 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy>https://www.oneservice.gov.sg/privacy</sellerPrivatePolicy><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2023.11.07</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/sg.gov.mnd.OneService?session_id=W_265D0F40556602ACA6910E61646D3DB9&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>448x800|451x803|452x789|455x803||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>The OneService App is a convenient platform that allows you to make improvements to your neighbourhood, access information, receive alerts, and engage one another- anytime, anywhere.

- Improve you...</page_meta_desc><page_title>OneService-Serving Your Estate - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>sg.gov.mnd.OneService</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003040874/ENG/ScreenShot_20231107015434313_455_803_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003040874/ENG/ScreenShot_20231107015434313_455_803_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003040874/ENG/ScreenShot_20231107015434313_452_789_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003040874/ENG/ScreenShot_20231107015434313_452_789_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003040874/ENG/ScreenShot_20231107015434313_451_803_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003040874/ENG/ScreenShot_20231107015434313_451_803_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003040874/ENG/ScreenShot_20231107015434313_448_800_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003040874/ENG/ScreenShot_20231107015434313_448_800_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Ministry of National Development (Singapore)</sellerTradeName><representation>Ministry of National Development (Singapore)</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Kang Jia Hui Jeannie</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber/><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>