<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.spaymini</appId><contentId>000003626674</contentId><contentName>Samsung Pay mini India Delta Test  3107</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Samsung Pay mini  – Simple and Secure

Make simple and secure payments with your device using UPI and mobile wallets

Samsung Pay mini is easy-to-use and secure mobile payment service. Samsung Pay mini in India supports Paytm, Mobikwik wallets for Wallet payment methods (Scan QR Code, Show QR Code and sending Money using phone number) and Bank Transfers through the Unified Payment Interface (UPI).

Samsung Pay mini is currently supported on select Galaxy Smartphones –J7 Max with more models to follow.

Setting up Samsung Pay mini is a simple one-time activity. Just Sign in with your Samsung Account ID and register your Fingerprint/PIN which will be used to initiate transactions through Samsung Pay mini. Now you are ready to register your favorite wallets and bank accounts.

To make payments using Samsung Pay mini, launch the app by swiping up from any screen: Locked screen or Home screen. Once Samsung Pay mini is launched, select the card of choice by swiping left or right and select the method of payment (send, show, scan) to initiate payment.

Users can register their Paytm. Mobikwik wallets by using their mobile number linked to the wallet or create a new wallet through Samsung Pay mini. Currently Wallet Payment methods – Scan QR Code, Show QR Code/OTP Code, and sending money using phone number. In addition, you can also ‘Add” money to the wallet by tapping on “Wallet” on the main screen of app, followed by tapping the “Add” to open the add money page. Wallets can be topped up using the credit card &amp; Debit cards. Users can make payments using wallets on Samsung Pay mini irrespective of having the Paytm or Mobikwik app on the Smartphone.

for more detailed information on the service and the supported payment methods, please visit – www.samsung.com/in/samsung-pay</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl/><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL/><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>3.1.07</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>27.36 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2018.10.18</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.spaymini?session_id=W_AB0741680E824E0E75A41BB3445B1E83&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>sensors</permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>sms</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes/><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Samsung Pay mini  – Simple and Secure

Make simple and secure payments with your device using UPI and mobile wallets

Samsung Pay mini is easy-to-use and secure mobile payment service. Samsung Pay ...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Pay mini India Delta Test  3107 - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.spaymini</appId><Screenshot><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Arjun Chandran Nair</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>