<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.spay</appId><contentId>000002050255</contentId><contentName>Samsung Pay</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Turn your phone into your Wallet. Add more of your plastic cards to your digital wallet with Samsung Pay. It's accepted at your favorite spots, making checkout easy, convenient and rewards hard to miss. 

 Eligible Devices 
 Samsung Pay is currently available on the Samsung Galaxy S9, S9+, S8, S8+, S7, S7 edge, S7 active, S6, S6 edge, S6 active, S6 edge+, Note8 and Note5. 

 Compatible Banks and Credit Cards 
 Supports American Express, Bank of America, Chase, Citibank, PNC Bank, U.S. Bank, Wells Fargo Bank - and more. We are constantly adding new financial partners to support Samsung Pay. A detailed list of supported credit and debit cards that are compatible with Samsung Pay can be found at: http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/app/samsung-pay#compatibility 

 Shop with Samsung Pay Almost Anywhere 
 Samsung Pay uses patented technology to work at more places than any other mobile payment service. 

 3 Simple Steps to Pay 
 Swipe up on your screen to launch Samsung Pay and authorize with your fingerprint or pin. To pay, just hover your device close to the terminal where you'd normally swipe or tap your card. 

 Secure and Private 
 Your actual account number is never shared with a retailer. Samsung Pay transmits a one-time use digital card number each time a transaction is made. Samsung Pay is protected by Samsung KNOX® while transactions can only be authorized with your fingerprint or PIN. For added security, you can remotely lock or erase your payment cards in Samsung Pay using the 'Samsung Find My Mobile' service. 

 Discover great deals and offers 
 Search and use and redeem deals from popular brands. When you are at the store and ready to pay, your saved deals are only a click away. 

 Store and Use your Membership and Loyalty Cards in Samsung Pay 
 Move more of your wallet into Samsung Pay by adding membership and loyalty cards. To store a card, all you have to do is visit the Membership tab and scan its barcode or snap a picture. At checkout, the cashier will scan the barcode from your screen just like they would your physical card. 

 Buy and Give as well as Pay with Gift Cards 
 Samsung Pay includes a Gift Card store so you may order and give Gift Cards from select merchants for yourself, friends and family. Use Samsung Pay to pay for the Gift Card and send it from within the app. Also, load your Gift Cards into Samsung Pay and use them when you shop. 

 Shop in 3rd party apps with ease 
 In participating merchant’s apps, you can submit your payment information securely with just 1 tap via Samsung Pay. 

 *Legal disclosure: "Only compatible with select cards, carriers and Samsung devices; see the Samsung Pay Support page for compatibility information." (http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/app/samsung-pay#compatibility) 

 More information 
 Learn more at https://help.content.samsung.com</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000002050255/IconImage_20170801220920142_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002050255/IconImage_20170801220920142_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-2-5</ratingValue><ratingNumber>2.5</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>2.8.25</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>84.3 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2018.05.14</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.spay?session_id=W_153DC5C2CDB049AC5E728719559216DC&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><screenshotRes/><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Turn your phone into your Wallet. Add more of your plastic cards to your digital wallet with Samsung Pay. It's accepted at your favorite spots, making checkout easy, convenient and rewards hard to ...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Pay - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.spay</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002050255/ENG/ScreenShot_20170801220920142_1080_1920_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002050255/ENG/ScreenShot_20170801220920142_1080_1920_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002050255/ENG/ScreenShot_20170801220920142_1080_1920_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002050255/ENG/ScreenShot_20170801220920142_1080_1920_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002050255/ENG/ScreenShot_20170801220920142_1080_1920_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002050255/ENG/ScreenShot_20170801220920142_1080_1920_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002050255/ENG/ScreenShot_20170801220920142_1080_1920_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002050255/ENG/ScreenShot_20170801220920142_1080_1920_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Balakrishna Venkataraman</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>