<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2024.11.22</modifyDate><createDate>2024.11.22</createDate><userId/><commentText>What's not to like about this app, I'm pretty active at work aerobic and weights as a truck driver, but I have been very lazy at home. I'm 55 have been over 115kg for more than 10 years. Now in 3months I've lost 16kg and my mental health has improved as well as I now exercise more after work. But what I think it has improved is how much I eat and what I eat. Gave up sugar and pasta eating more vegetables and less fast food. Even my planned cheat days just don't matter anymore.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>dura**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.11.10</modifyDate><createDate>2024.11.10</createDate><userId/><commentText>Not what I planned to use, or the way I expected to be able to manage my data</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>valm**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.11.06</modifyDate><createDate>2024.11.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>I updated and lost all my information mu friends in challenges.  My rating went back to beginner all my challenge wins gone .. I walk all day long for work an it says ive only done half the amount of steps as to what my actual step count is     walking 5k and it will say I 2...sleep count is hit an miss one day it will record then for a few days it won't....please fix the app issue</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>loul**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.11.02</modifyDate><createDate>2024.11.02</createDate><userId/><commentText>Great app besides the tips that come up at the top and can't be turned off. They are always repeating and irrelevant. You will literally enter that you had 2 glasses of water in an hour and it will say "did you forget to log your water again? Set reminder blah blah..."</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValueNumber><loginId>roby**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.10.28</modifyDate><createDate>2024.10.28</createDate><userId/><commentText>Please PUT GRADIENT BACK in bike exercise. PUT GRADIENT BACK</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>lcr2**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.09.06</modifyDate><createDate>2024.09.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>Excellent</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>tezz**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.09.01</modifyDate><createDate>2024.09.01</createDate><userId/><commentText>App can't calculate the correct step length</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>dere**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.08.11</modifyDate><createDate>2024.08.11</createDate><userId/><commentText>So little information and terrible plots. All plots should have usable axis and tick labels at a bare minimum, but I really want to have control over how I plot my own data. What a disappointment coming from Apple, thinking this would have better health tracking from all of the fancy sensors on the Samsung Watch 7...</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>sean**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.08.09</modifyDate><createDate>2024.08.09</createDate><userId/><commentText>Loses your tracked data /won't display past years??</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>audr**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.12</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.12</createDate><userId/><commentText>No more tracking my walk
..that's not good</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>patk**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.01</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.01</createDate><userId/><commentText>I'm so sick of the watch vibrating for no reason at all. I can't stop running apps in the background, I can't get the screen to light up unless I touch it. 

Everything I read on the internet for fixes never works. You have to do things manually because to allow notifications means you will be harassed consistently until it vibrates the battery to death!

I will never buy another smart watch!</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>zril**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.06.30</modifyDate><createDate>2024.06.30</createDate><userId/><commentText>Generally I'm happy with the app but after a scheduled update the map of where you have walked doesn't work. Most annoying</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>lcun**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.06.30</modifyDate><createDate>2024.06.30</createDate><userId/><commentText>I like the app but there should be an option to manually add steps as well as the tracket doesn't accurately count all of my steps and I know I have done a lot more than what is shown.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>asra**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.06.30</modifyDate><createDate>2024.06.30</createDate><userId/><commentText>Steps don't work. While rolling over in bed with my watch on, it counted it as steps. It also counts arm movement when I am sitting down.
It also only allows you to add in one sleep per day. So if you have had a bad night, it will only count one and not acknowledge or let you add in any naps.
Have to manually check stress levels. It doesn't automatically check it throughout the day.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>bron**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.05.01</modifyDate><createDate>2024.05.01</createDate><userId/><commentText>All the good features are outweighed by persistent annoying notifications on my watch. Uninstalling just to get rid of them!!</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>benm**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.sec.android.app.shealth</appId><contentId>000004188581</contentId><contentName>Samsung Health</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Start healthy habits for yourself with Samsung Health

Samsung Health has various features to help you manage your health. As the app allows you to automatically record many activities, creating a healthy lifestyle is easier and simpler than ever

Check various health records on the home screen. Easily add and edit the items that you want to manage such as daily steps and activity time

Record and manage your fitness activities, such as running, cycling, swimming, etc. Also, Galaxy Watch wearables user can now exercise more effectively through Life Fitness, Technogym and Corehealth

Create healthy eating habits by recording your daily meals and snacks with Samsung Health

Work hard and always maintain your best condition with Samsung Health. Set goals that work for your own level, and keep track of your daily condition including your activity amount, workout intensity, heart rate, stress, oxygen level in the blood etc

Monitor your sleep patterns in more detail with Galaxy Watch. Make your mornings more refreshing by improving the quality of your sleep through sleep levels and sleep scores

Challenge yourself against your friends and family to become healthier in a more fun and interactive way with Samsung Health Together

Samsung Health has prepared videos of expert coaches who will teach you new fitness programs including stretching, weight loss, and more

Discover meditation tools on Mindfulness that will help you relieve stress throughout your day (Some contents are only available through an optional paid subscription. Content is available in English, German, Spanish, French, Portuguese and Korean)

Cycle tracking offers helpful support in menstrual cycle tracking, related symptom management and personalized insights and contents through your partner, Natural Cycles. The Galaxy and other wearables are now ready to support the women we love every step of their way

Samsung Health protects your private health data securely. All Samsung Galaxy models released after August 2016, Knox enabled Samsung Health service will be available. Please note that Knox enabled Samsung Health service will not be available from rooted mobile

Tablets and some mobile devices are not supported, and detailed features may vary depending on the user’s country of residence, region, network carrier, model of the device etc

Requires Android 10.0 or later. Supports over 70 languages, including English, French, and Chinese. An English language version is available for the rest of the world

Please note that Samsung Health is intended for fitness and wellness purposes only and is not intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease

The following permissions are required for the app service. For optional permissions, the default functionality of the service is turned on, but not allowed

Required permissions
- Phone : Used to confirm your phone number for Together

Optional permissions
- Location : Used to collect your location data using the trackers(exercises &amp; steps), Used to display a route map for exercise and to display the weather during exercise
- Body Sensors : Used to measure heart rate, oxygen saturation, and stress(limited to models with this sensor)
- Photo and video : You can import/export your exercise data, save exercise photos, save/load food photos
- Contacts : Used to check if you are logged into your Samsung account, and to create a friend list for Together
- Camera : Used to scan QR codes when you add friends using the Together, and to take photos of foods, and to recognize numbers on a blood glucose meter&amp;blood pressure monitor(Available in some countries only)
- Physical activity : Used to count your steps and to detect workouts
- Microphone : Used to record audio for snore detection
- Nearby devices : Used to scan for and connect to nearby devices, including Galaxy Watches and other accessories
- Notifications : Used to provide you with timely info</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>* Manage your daily wellness by your Energy Score and improve your energy with personalized tips. (Galaxy Watch4 and above, Wear OS 5)
* Set your health focus and get useful advice on how to achieve your personalized goals.
* AGEs index (Labs) gives you an indication of your metabolic health, which reflects your overall biological aging process and is strongly influenced by your diet and lifestyle. (Galaxy Watch7)
* Support the ability to share and retrieve health information, such as the number of steps, exercise, and sleep, among family numbers. (available when you create a family group in your Samsung account, only available in some countries)
* Various bug fixes and improvements applied.</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000004188581/IconImage_20241106082513682_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl>https://www.youtube.com/embed/5tPsT8B2Bfo?hd=1&amp;rel=0&amp;autohide=1&amp;showinfo=0&amp;wmode=transparent</youtubeUrl><youtubeImgUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004188581/IconImage_20241106082513682_NEW_WEB_YOUTUBE_FULL.jpg</youtubeImgUrl><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004188581/IconImage_20241106082513682_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValue><ratingNumber>4.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>6.28.2.003</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>224.12 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2024.11.06</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.sec.android.app.shealth?session_id=W_5761F15E8E3B5C00CC6D5E3F22886E49&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>microphone</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1080x2160|1080x2160|1080x2160|1080x2160|1080x2160|1080x2160||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Start healthy habits for yourself with Samsung Health

Samsung Health has various features to help you manage your health. As the app allows you to automatically record many activities, creating a ...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Health - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.sec.android.app.shealth</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004188581/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082513682_1080_2160_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004188581/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082513682_1080_2160_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004188581/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082513682_1080_2160_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004188581/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082513682_1080_2160_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004188581/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082513682_1080_2160_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004188581/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082513682_1080_2160_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004188581/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082513682_1080_2160_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004188581/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082513682_1080_2160_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004188581/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082513682_1080_2160_320_5.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004188581/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082513682_1080_2160_5.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004188581/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082513682_1080_2160_320_6.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004188581/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082513682_1080_2160_6.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>hongseob</firstName><lastName>shin</lastName><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>135</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>