<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2019.11.12</modifyDate><createDate>2019.11.12</createDate><userId/><commentText>I've been using this keyboard every since I bought my S10 plus, about 3 months ago...
Since then, there has been ZERO improvements...
I just wish samsung gave at least 10% of importance to software as they do to hardware
Till then I'm moving back to the gboard...</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>bala**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.11.11</modifyDate><createDate>2019.11.11</createDate><userId/><commentText>Can we please have a button to decrease the time waiting for it to change between letters to numbers ect. And also a prediction for emoji</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>offt**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.09.21</modifyDate><createDate>2019.09.21</createDate><userId/><commentText>The vibration/haptic feedback is different from the release Samsung Keyboard. When long-pressing a key, there is no second vibration.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>qwer**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.07.17</modifyDate><createDate>2019.07.17</createDate><userId/><commentText>Doesn't work, just crashes. Have reinstalled and given all permissions from application settings, still no dice.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>kath**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.07.07</modifyDate><createDate>2019.07.07</createDate><userId/><commentText>Swifty/aka.shifty🧠👖👓💬💎🦜🌵🍲🎶🔗🧪</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>*****</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.06.14</modifyDate><createDate>2019.06.14</createDate><userId/><commentText>Can you plz add this feature if I type in english it automatically type in punjabi and also add swipe the back key to delete big sentences.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>prin**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.06.12</modifyDate><createDate>2019.06.12</createDate><userId/><commentText>Music all done 70"s,80's90's,2000,s</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>wool**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.06.02</modifyDate><createDate>2019.06.02</createDate><userId/><commentText>There is not enough gifs</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>gaza**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.06.01</modifyDate><createDate>2019.06.01</createDate><userId/><commentText>Whilst this keyboard's predictive engine is fairly good, it's not the best, and doesn't have the Ellipsis (...) symbol. Disappointing.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>dona**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.05.31</modifyDate><createDate>2019.05.31</createDate><userId/><commentText>Can you tell me why the keyboard needs to make a phone call?</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>kole**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.05.28</modifyDate><createDate>2019.05.28</createDate><userId/><commentText>Needs email and phone number predictions like SwiftKey</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValueNumber><loginId>y.is**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.sec.android.inputmethod.beta</appId><contentId>000004170688</contentId><contentName>Samsung Keyboard Neural Beta</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Experience a smarter Samsung Keyboard with Samsung Keyboard Neural Beta. Artificial Intelligence will help you type faster and more conveniently. A personalized language model created using a neural network-based deep learning method enables it to predict and suggest more accurate words in context. You can try the new features of Samsung Keyboard first with Samsung Keyboard Neural Beta.

[Key Features]
• Predictive text
Samsung Keyboard’s Predictive text feature has become even smarter. Samsung Keyboard Neural Beta utilizes a language model that has a neural network structure, so it can understand the user’s language in more depth compared to the previous method. While the previous Predictive text method referred to the last few words, the new, improved Predictive text feature predicts and suggests the next word using the deep learning method. Based on the words input by the user, the Predictive text feature can now suggest text that is grammatically correct and in context better than ever before.

• Auto replace
The Auto replace feature reduces the numbers of typos and keystrokes and helps you input text more quickly and accurately. While the previous Auto replace method could only replace the very last word, the new improved Auto replace feature can replace the last two words and ensure that they are more suitable to the context. Try an even smarter Auto replace feature that can pinpoint and correct spacing errors, typos, and even typos caused by an accidentally pressing the Shift key.

• Smart typing
- Predictive text: Learns how you type and recommends words and phrases as you type. The recommendation feature will perform better based on the data Samsung Keyboard gathers for each user.
- Auto spell check: Finds typos and suggests correct alternatives. 
- Text shortcuts: Creates shortcuts for frequently used words and phrases. You can easily input text by typing shortcuts and selecting text from the recommendation window.
- Switching input languages: You can change the input language by swiping the spacebar to the left or right.
- It provides optimized keys for different input windows such as address, email, and search.
- Samsung Keyboard analyzes how you usually type, so it will correct your typos.

• Various input methods
- Clipboard: You can select text or images saved to the clipboard, and paste them.
- Keyboard swipe controls: You can input text or move the cursor by performing gestures on the keyboard screen.
- Voice input and Handwriting recognition are available.

• Keyboard custom settings
- Long-press the Custom key to open the Option and Symbol list, and select one that you want to assign a shortcut for. (e.g., Voice input, Handwriting recognition, Clipboard, Emoji, One-handed input mode, Keyboard settings or Symbols)
- Custom symbols: Save your frequently used symbols and favorite symbols, and use them later. Open the Symbol list by long-pressing the period (.) to easily input symbols.
- Keyboard size, Number keys, and Alternative characters: You can adjust the keyboard size freely in all four directions, and also decide whether or not the Number keys and Alternative characters should be included on the keyboard.
- High contrast keyboard: Samsung Keyboard provides a high-contrast keyboard to take into account users with low vision or color vision impairment.

• Other features
- Emoji: Express your personality in a fun way using over 3,000 emojis.
- GIFs and Stickers: Express a wide range of reactions using GIFs and stickers right from the keyboard.
- Language update: It adds and learns new words on a regular basis. You can update languages via the Keyboard settings.
- Backup and restore: You can back up and restore the Keyboard settings and data using Samsung Cloud.
- It provides optimized keyboard layouts when you are using Car mode, Samsung DeX or a Keyboard cover and also supports text input via a hardware keyboard.

※ The available features may differ depending on the country or the device.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000004170688/IconImage_20190528072353048_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004170688/IconImage_20190528072353048_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-3-5</ratingValue><ratingNumber>3.5</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>3.3.21.24</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>55.14 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2019.05.28</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.sec.android.inputmethod.beta?session_id=W_9FC47083D82BBAA04A64F8E9E3D03611&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Experience a smarter Samsung Keyboard with Samsung Keyboard Neural Beta. Artificial Intelligence will help you type faster and more conveniently. A personalized language model created using a neura...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Keyboard Neural Beta - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.sec.android.inputmethod.beta</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004170688/ENG/ScreenShot_20190528072353048_1440_2560_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004170688/ENG/ScreenShot_20190528072353048_1440_2560_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004170688/ENG/ScreenShot_20190528072353048_1440_2560_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004170688/ENG/ScreenShot_20190528072353048_1440_2560_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004170688/ENG/ScreenShot_20190528072353048_1440_2560_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004170688/ENG/ScreenShot_20190528072353048_1440_2560_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004170688/ENG/ScreenShot_20190528072353048_1440_2560_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004170688/ENG/ScreenShot_20190528072353048_1440_2560_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName/><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>11</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>