<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2022.08.12</modifyDate><createDate>2022.08.12</createDate><userId/><commentText>Keyboard does not automatically appear</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>kreg**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.07.28</modifyDate><createDate>2022.07.28</createDate><userId/><commentText>The absolute dog poo predictive text has made me swear blue to never by samsung again. So many correct words autocorrecting to nonsense and wrong words by one letter not recognised.

Terribly frustrating</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>gare**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.04.23</modifyDate><createDate>2022.04.23</createDate><userId/><commentText>Only use this if you live your keyboard disappearing after typing the first letter</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>muzz**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.04.23</modifyDate><createDate>2022.04.23</createDate><userId/><commentText>Always freezes,  I absolutely HATE this version,  it's creators should be fired.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>mate**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.04.05</modifyDate><createDate>2022.04.05</createDate><userId/><commentText>No number pad &amp; the slow animations is a turn off sorry</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>y.is**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.honeyboard</appId><contentId>000006204108</contentId><contentName>Samsung Keyboard</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Have fun typing with Samsung Keyboard. Various input methods and convenient features help make typing easier and more convenient for you.

 [Key Features]
• Multilanguage support
 - Samsung Keyboard supports over 370 languages.

• Smart typing
 - Predictive text: Learns how you type and recommends words and phrases as you type. The recommendation feature will perform better based on the data Samsung Keyboard gathers for each user.
 - Auto spell check: Finds typos and suggests correct alternatives. 
 - Text shortcuts: Creates shortcuts for frequently used words and phrases. You can easily input text by typing shortcuts and selecting text from the recommendation window.
 - Switching input languages: You can change the input language by swiping the spacebar to the left or right.
 - It provides optimized keys for different input windows such as address, email, and search.
 - Samsung Keyboard analyzes how you usually type, so it will correct your typos.

• Various input methods
 - Clipboard: You can select text or images saved to the clipboard, and paste them.
 - Keyboard swipe controls: You can input text or move the cursor by performing gestures on the keyboard screen.
 - Voice input and Handwriting recognition are available.
 - Split keyboard, Floating keyboard, and One-handed input keyboard are available.

• Keyboard custom settings
 - Long-press the Custom key to open the Option and Symbol list, and select one that you want to assign a shortcut for. (e.g., Voice input, Handwriting recognition, Clipboard, Emoji, One-handed input mode, Keyboard settings, or Symbols)
 - Custom symbols: Save your frequently used symbols and favorite symbols, and use them later. Open the Symbol list by long-pressing the period (.) to easily input symbols.
 - Keyboard size, Number keys, and Alternative characters: You can adjust the keyboard size freely in all four directions, and also decide whether or not the Number keys and Alternative characters should be included on the keyboard.
 - High contrast keyboard: Samsung Keyboard provides a high-contrast keyboard to take into account users with low vision or color vision impairment.

• Other features
 - Emoji: Express your personality in a fun way using over 3,000 emojis.
 - Language update: It adds and learns new words on a regular basis. You can update languages via the Keyboard settings.
 - It provides optimized keyboard layouts when you are using Car mode, Samsung DeX, or a Keyboard cover, and also supports text input via a hardware keyboard.

 ※ The available features may differ depending on the country or the device.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>1. Get your spelling and grammar corrected when writing English sentences.
   - The “Suggest Text Corrections” feature, provided from ONE UI 4.0, has been improved to be even smarter. 
   - A feature to turn the setting on or off by app is provided.
   - Turn it off when you are using chatting apps with friends, and turn it on when you are using apps in which you write long sentences.

2. Thanks to detailed explanations from our customers, we were able to improve typos that occurred often when using specific keys. 

3. For the Clipboard, the following issues have been additionally corrected. 
   - The inconvenience of the Clipboard being deleted at once has been fixed. 
     When deleting everything, “Include pinned items” is displayed so that you can choose to delete pinned Clipboards as well. 
   - The issue with the Clipboard text not being visible when setting the theme or Dark Mode has been fixed.
   - The issue with the duplicate toast pop-ups saying “This has been copied to the Clipboard” or “This item has already been copied” has been fixed. 
   - The issue with the Clipboard not being added intermittently in some carrier services has been fixed.
   - The issue with the Paste function not working after abnormal termination of the Samsung Note app has been fixed. 
   - An update has been made so that the order of “pinned” items do not change arbitrarily when re-entering the Clipboard. 
   - An update has been made so that the status of the last viewed Clipboard (More or Close) can be maintained. 

These updates may vary depending on the update schedules by model.</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000006204108/IconImage_20220609044917349_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006204108/IconImage_20220609044917349_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValue><ratingNumber>4.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>5.4.60.44</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>85.11 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2022.06.09</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.honeyboard?session_id=W_D366F323CF69E0B05DE5EA74455F4754&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2880|1440x2880|1440x2880|1440x2880||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Have fun typing with Samsung Keyboard. Various input methods and convenient features help make typing easier and more convenient for you.

 [Key Features]
• Multilanguage support
 - Samsung Keyboar...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Keyboard - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.honeyboard</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006204108/ENG/ScreenShot_20220609044917349_1440_2880_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006204108/ENG/ScreenShot_20220609044917349_1440_2880_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006204108/ENG/ScreenShot_20220609044917349_1440_2880_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006204108/ENG/ScreenShot_20220609044917349_1440_2880_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006204108/ENG/ScreenShot_20220609044917349_1440_2880_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006204108/ENG/ScreenShot_20220609044917349_1440_2880_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006204108/ENG/ScreenShot_20220609044917349_1440_2880_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006204108/ENG/ScreenShot_20220609044917349_1440_2880_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Keyboard TG</firstName><lastName>Keyboard TG</lastName><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>5</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>