<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.booking</appId><contentId>000006770634</contentId><contentName>Booking.com Hotels &amp; Vacation Rentals</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Save on your next trip with the Booking.com app! Find great hotel or apartment deals and book in just a few minutes. You can also book flights, rental cars, and more through the app.

- Book your whole trip in one app
- Stay flexible with free cancellation (available at most properties)
- 24/7 customer service in more than 40 languages
- No booking or credit card fees
- Chat directly with your property in the app
- Enjoy mobile-only discounts
- Use filters to easily find the perfect place out of millions of available accommodations
- Get paperless confirmation of your reservation — no printing required
- Manage your bookings on the go, making changes whenever and wherever you want
- Discover local attractions and make the most of your trip
- Share your experience and get local advice on our Travel Communities forums

Access millions of accommodations
From cozy country homes to funky city apartments, find the perfect place out of millions of available accommodations. Our app offers hotels, apartments, bed and breakfasts and more.

Quickly find the perfect place to stay
Filter hotels by price, review score, WiFi quality, and other things important to you. Search cheap hotels by city, attraction, landmark, or hotel name. Special requests? Pet-friendly hotels? We have filters for everything. You can also compare your favorite accommodation options side by side to ensure you get the best price and quality.

Deals for any budget
Discover daily accommodation deals and save on your next hotel, apartment, or villa booking.
Get exclusive mobile-only discounts of 10% or more on select properties when you book in the app. Find your ideal accommodation at an ideal price.

Stay flexible with free cancellation
Change of plans? Not a problem. You can cancel for free at most hotels, apartments and other properties on Booking.com. And the app makes things even easier — it only takes a few taps to cancel, and you’re free to find a place that better suits your needs.

Last-minute travel
Heading somewhere in a hurry? With the app, you can quickly book hotels at the last minute (as well as far in advance). Finding a place in short order has never been easier. Our app allows you to search for properties nearby, fill in a few details, and secure your reservation. You can also change, cancel, or make additional reservations on the go.

Jet off with the perfect flight
Book domestic or international flights on the go with ease. The app allows you to search thousands of airfare deals per day. Plane tickets available for all major airlines and destinations.

Hit the road with car rentals
Car hire has recently been added to the app. Whether you just need a ride to explore your destination, or you’re going on an epic road trip, the Booking.com app can help. Rent a car from all the major companies and hit the road!

Reserve taxis with ease
Book in advance for a seamless connection from the airport to your destination. You can also book taxis to and from other pick-up points, such as hotels and local attractions.

Find and book a great experience
Whether you’re looking for attraction or museum tickets, culinary tours, or helicopter rides, you can book experiences online in minutes, with free cancellation on many options.

Get and share tips with other travelers
Connect with fellow travelers, share your experiences, and get local advice on the best accommodations, attractions, and more. Discover new experiences and plan your trip with our app.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000006770634/IconImage_20230314074344337_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Booking.com: Hotels, Apartments &amp; Accommodation</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Booking.com: Hotels, Apartments &amp; Accommodation</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006770634/IconImage_20230314074344337_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>35.4.100</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>143.12 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2023.03.14</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.booking?session_id=W_BC893BBA4C5A69F7AC555283ABDB8014&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>calendar</permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>595x1062|596x1062|597x1063|796x1064||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Save on your next trip with the Booking.com app! Find great hotel or apartment deals and book in just a few minutes. You can also book flights, rental cars, and more through the app.

- Book your w...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Booking.com Hotels &amp; Vacation Rentals - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.booking</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006770634/ENG/ScreenShot_20230314074344337_597_1063_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006770634/ENG/ScreenShot_20230314074344337_597_1063_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006770634/ENG/ScreenShot_20230314074344337_596_1062_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006770634/ENG/ScreenShot_20230314074344337_596_1062_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006770634/ENG/ScreenShot_20230314074344337_796_1064_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006770634/ENG/ScreenShot_20230314074344337_796_1064_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006770634/ENG/ScreenShot_20230314074344337_595_1062_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006770634/ENG/ScreenShot_20230314074344337_595_1062_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Booking.com: Hotels, Apartments &amp; Accommodation</sellerTradeName><representation>Booking.com: Hotels, Apartments &amp; Accommodation</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Francis</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber/><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>