<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2024.02.19</modifyDate><createDate>2024.02.19</createDate><userId/><commentText>Allgood Works fine.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>giuv**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.12.03</modifyDate><createDate>2023.12.03</createDate><userId/><commentText>I tried to stop the vibration but I can not see the way to do it. I went to all my settings but not luck</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>moni**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.11.13</modifyDate><createDate>2023.11.13</createDate><userId/><commentText>Please update this app, it is glitching out more and more!</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>sony**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.07.02</modifyDate><createDate>2023.07.02</createDate><userId/><commentText>This app does not set alarm off at correct time, it keeps going off 30 minutes before the set time</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jeff**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.02.06</modifyDate><createDate>2023.02.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>Clock face never seems to update to the right time</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>john**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.01.17</modifyDate><createDate>2023.01.17</createDate><userId/><commentText>Nice app. Does all I could expect &amp; more. I love how it reads out the alarm name (tysm). Nice look &amp; easy to use. Could do with a little more colour &amp; I'd really like an option to set alarms fortnightly instead of just daily or weekly, or an option to customise how regular alarm is set ie fortnightly, monthly, every 3 days, every 6 hours...</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValueNumber><loginId>thr3**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.08.21</modifyDate><createDate>2022.08.21</createDate><userId/><commentText>Cannot adjust local time. Cannot uninstall to reinstall. Cannot update .</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>andi**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.06.19</modifyDate><createDate>2022.06.19</createDate><userId/><commentText>Time on top of phone fifteenth from clock face can't change have tried everything can't deinstall</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>chri**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.06.18</modifyDate><createDate>2022.06.18</createDate><userId/><commentText>Great App overall however would love more options as in colour, size of widget.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValueNumber><loginId>born**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.06.07</modifyDate><createDate>2022.06.07</createDate><userId/><commentText>Started a stopwatch when my dog had to be put to sleep. Some days later "max time reached". What? my iPhone has been going a year now</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jack**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.05.16</modifyDate><createDate>2022.05.16</createDate><userId/><commentText>16/5/22  |  Samsung Galaxy S9  |  Android 10  |  Clock App Version - 12.1.10.7

- This App used to work flawlessly 6mths ago - 5 Stars for back then ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

NOW - 0 Stars ☹☹☹☹☹

Alarms have been "Hit and Miss", Completely random weather it *Might* go off in the morning or not
🤞 and hope that it works
Shameful 😔

- A System App that's Integrated into Samsung's Proprietary "One UI Launcher" (can't be deactivated or uninstalled) That is NOT Usable, NOT Trustable, NOT Fixed, Even After Sooooo Mannnny Reviews saying:
"The App Is Broken, Please Fix The App"

WTF Samsung ? Seriously ? 🤷‍♂️

After putting up with it for 6 months, Patiently waiting for a "Fix", Installing several updates to the newest available version.
- This is the first negative review that I have ever written, and it's to the Company that I have stayed with their products since the Galaxy S3 😔

SAMSUNG: "Please Fix This System Application So It Can At Least Be Of Use"

(It's a 5 star app. Well - it was when it worked)</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jiah**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.04.20</modifyDate><createDate>2022.04.20</createDate><userId/><commentText>Tastes like chicken 🐔</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValueNumber><loginId>crap**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.04.14</modifyDate><createDate>2022.04.14</createDate><userId/><commentText>Slow Mexican</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>tana**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.04.08</modifyDate><createDate>2022.04.08</createDate><userId/><commentText>Can you please return the feature at the very top of the alarms that told you when the next, upcoming alarm will be? See your first picture below. "Alarm in 8hrs" When you have multiple alarms for various days, now we have to search through to see what is next today. It's Esp handy to check you've set the right alarm time, quickly check how much sleep you'll get before the wake up alarm, or cancel one if you're going into a meeting. Please, please return this feature!!!!</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>nata**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.03.17</modifyDate><createDate>2022.03.17</createDate><userId/><commentText>How do I deactivate this stupid feature that automatically turns alarms on by predicting when i want it to?? I rotate my alarms myself. I don't need it to be done for me!</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>kimp**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.sec.android.app.clockpackage</appId><contentId>000006095103</contentId><contentName>Clock</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Manage your time more efficiently with our Clock app. You only need one app to enjoy 4 features at the same time.
Simple &amp; Easy! The Clock app has a simple layout that anyone can easily use.

■ If you have an important appointment, set an alarm for the next morning.
Anybody can set an alarm on the easy to use screen.

■ If you’re wondering what time it is in a city on the other side of the earth right now, tap World clock.
World clock shows both the time and weather in your selected city.

■ When every second counts, having too many buttons and a complicated layout can be annoying.
Stopwatch provides a simple screen where the user can check elapsed time in the simplest way.

■ Timer can help you count down time accurately for when you’re cooking or working out.


[Key features]
- Alarm
: Alarm offers several useful, specialised features for users.
: If you’re not an early riser, simply use the snooze button instead of setting multiple alarms to wake up.
: When the alarm goes off in the morning, it will also tell you the time out loud. Now, you don't have to search for your phone to check the time.
: It supports a drag interaction so those who frequently use the repeat function can now select which days to repeat with one simple tap.

- World clock
: If you want to know a city’s location on the globe and what time it is over there, you can now find out on the globe in the world clock. You will find the time in your selected city under its name.
: If you want to quickly check the local time for a different country based on the city you selected, use the Time zone converter. Find the local time easily without having to do the calculations yourself.

- Stopwatch
: If you want to utilise recorded workout times somewhere else, use the copy lap time function. 

- Timer
: Without entering a time on the keypad, simply scroll and set the settings to use the Timer.
: Save frequently used values for the timer in advance. Forget the inconvenience of having to set the times whenever you use the timer.
: After the timer goes off but you want to repeat the countdown, tap the Restart button. You can reuse the same value without entering a time separately.

[Optional Access Permissions] 
- Storage: Your permission is required to set your stored sound sources as alarm or timer sounds.
You can still use the basic features of the app even if you do not allow optional access permissions.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>■ The expected end time of the currently running timer is displayed.
■ The “Contact us” feature has been moved to the menu in Settings.
■ The widget background color has been partially improved. 
■ The color of the alert backgrounds from the Alarm/Timer has been changed. 
■ Countries in which Spotify alarm sounds are supported have been added. (Limited to supported devices)
■ You can set smart devices according to the bedtime settings of the Alarm. (Supports OneUI 3.1 or higher)
 Galaxy Watch4 users can additionally set smart devices that operate when the user falls asleep with the Watch on. 

※ To set your smart devices according to the bedtime, the SmartThings Framework app must be updated through the Galaxy Store.
※ In order to use the Galaxy Watch4, both the Watch and the Galaxy Wearable app must be updated.</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000006095103/IconImage_20220524070818846_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006095103/IconImage_20220524070818846_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-3-5</ratingValue><ratingNumber>3.5</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>12.1.10.7</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>27.02 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2022.05.24</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.sec.android.app.clockpackage?session_id=W_4384792279AB0A31E8ED897A92C6837E&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2768|1440x2768|1440x2768|2768x1440||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Manage your time more efficiently with our Clock app. You only need one app to enjoy 4 features at the same time.
Simple &amp; Easy! The Clock app has a simple layout that anyone can easily use.

■ If ...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Clock - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.sec.android.app.clockpackage</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006095103/ENG/ScreenShot_20220524070818846_1440_2768_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006095103/ENG/ScreenShot_20220524070818846_1440_2768_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006095103/ENG/ScreenShot_20220524070818846_1440_2768_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006095103/ENG/ScreenShot_20220524070818846_1440_2768_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006095103/ENG/ScreenShot_20220524070818846_1440_2768_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006095103/ENG/ScreenShot_20220524070818846_1440_2768_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006095103/ENG/ScreenShot_20220524070818846_2768_1440_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006095103/ENG/ScreenShot_20220524070818846_2768_1440_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>HUR</firstName><lastName>KEUNCHANG</lastName><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>31</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>