<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.09</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.09</createDate><userId/><commentText>It is absolute crape and not necessary. Didn't want it and now can't get rid of it. Get it off the tablets phone Samsung. Worst forced update you have done.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jane**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.10</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.09</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hello, we apologize for any inconvenience caused. Samsung Flow can be used by connecting to a Galaxy phone, tablet, or PC running Windows 10 or higher. Please understand that deletion is limited in some models. You can turn off Samsung Flow's automatic update settings in the Galaxy Store. Sorry for your inconvenience again.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>true</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode>00</registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValueNumber><loginId>Seller</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.09</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.09</createDate><userId/><commentText>Not asked for....</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>lain**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.10</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.09</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hello, we apologize for any inconvenience caused. Samsung Flow can be used by connecting to a Galaxy phone, tablet, or PC running Windows 10 or higher. You can turn off Samsung Flow's automatic update settings in the Galaxy Store. Sorry for your inconvenience again.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>true</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode>00</registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValueNumber><loginId>Seller</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.08</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.08</createDate><userId/><commentText>Don't want it not compatible with my other devices</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>robe**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.08</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.08</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hello, we apologize for any inconvenience caused. Samsung Flow can be used by connecting to a Galaxy phone, tablet, or PC running Windows 10 or higher. Please understand that deletion is limited in some models. You can turn off Samsung Flow's automatic update settings in the Galaxy Store. Sorry for your inconvenience again.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>true</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode>00</registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValueNumber><loginId>Seller</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.07</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.07</createDate><userId/><commentText>How do i stop this app?</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>dcru**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.08</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.07</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hello, we apologize for any inconvenience caused. Samsung Flow can be used by connecting to a Galaxy phone, tablet, or PC running Windows 10 or higher. Please understand that deletion is limited in some models. You can turn off Samsung Flow's automatic update settings in the Galaxy Store. Sorry for your inconvenience again.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>true</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode>00</registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValueNumber><loginId>Seller</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.06</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>It downloads by itself, whoever invented this shouldn't,show me how to get rid on whatever this is.👍</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>hayl**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.08</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hello, we apologize for any inconvenience caused. Samsung Flow can be used by connecting to a Galaxy phone, tablet, or PC running Windows 10 or higher. Please understand that deletion is limited in some models. You can turn off Samsung Flow's automatic update settings in the Galaxy Store. Sorry for your inconvenience again.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>true</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode>00</registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValueNumber><loginId>Seller</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.06</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>I don't want it,  intrusive, just downloaded by itself</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jeff**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.08</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hello, we apologize for any inconvenience caused. Samsung Flow can be used by connecting to a Galaxy phone, tablet, or PC running Windows 10 or higher. Please understand that deletion is limited in some models. You can turn off Samsung Flow's automatic update settings in the Galaxy Store. Sorry for your inconvenience again.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>true</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode>00</registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValueNumber><loginId>Seller</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.09</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>It continues to download, even tho I connected it to my phone. I didn't ask for it to be downloaded, so how can I get rid of it. I don't want it. One day later, still downloading, sucking my battery. No answer? Just want it gone, I didn't ask to download it. All I ask is how to get rid of it.
It's a Samsung tablet, and it's still downloading. This is bloody ridiculous! Well it's another day and it's still downloading? Can't switch it off so FFS, fix this stupid thing you useless pieces of excrement.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>wobb**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.08</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hello, we apologize for any inconvenience caused. Samsung Flow can be used by connecting to a Galaxy phone, tablet, or PC running Windows 10 or higher. Please understand that deletion is limited in some models. You can turn off Samsung Flow's automatic update settings in the Galaxy Store. Sorry for your inconvenience again.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>true</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode>00</registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValueNumber><loginId>Seller</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.05</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.05</createDate><userId/><commentText>All it's done is download for 3 days, I didn't ask for and don't want it</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>kenn**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.galaxycontinuity</appId><contentId>000004933934</contentId><contentName>Samsung Flow for Galaxy</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Samsung Flow is a software product that enables a seamless, secure, connected experience across your devices. You can authenticate your Tablet/PC with your smartphone, share content between devices, and sync notifications or view contents from your smartphone on your Tablet/PC. You can turn on the smartphone's Mobile Hotspot to keep your Tablet/PC connected.
You can also log in to your Tablet/PC with your biometric data (Iris, Fingerprints) if you register with Samsung Pass.

The following devices support Samsung Flow:
1. Windows Tablet/PC : Windows 10 OS (V1709) or newer
2. Android Tablet: Android O OS or newer 
3. Android Phone : Android O OS or Newer
It may not be supported by some models, depending on the smartphone specifications.

* Samsung Flow will operate only on official software released by Samsung Electronics.
* Windows: Bluetooth (Bluetooth LE optional) or Wi-Fi/LAN, Wi-Fi direct

Windows 10 users can find the Samsung Flow app on the Windows App Store.
Go to the Samsung Flow webpage where you can find the setup guide: 
www.samsung.com/samsungflow
If you have not updated the Samsung Flow app to the latest version, please go to Windows Store > Menu > Downloads and Updates to update the app.

* The PC unlock function is no longer provided because the Windows policy has changed.

The following permissions are required for the app service. For optional permissions, the default functionality of the service is turned on, but not allowed.
Required permissions
• Nearby devices: Used to find nearby devices and track registered devices
• Notifications: Used to show the connection status between your devices
• Storage: Used to store content shared among registered devices on an external storage device and view the stored content (~Android 10)
Optional permissions
• Phone: Used to answer and decline calls to your phone on your tablet or computer
• Call logs: Used to read the contact information included in the event of the incoming call when receiving a call
• Contacts: Used to obtain information about callers or senders when you receive calls or text messages on your phone
• SMS: Used to receive and reply to text messages to your phone on your tablet or computer
• Microphone: Used to record and send the audio from your phone to your computer or tablet while using Smart View
• Location: Used to search for your phone using your tablet or computer connected through Bluetooth</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>• Improved UX for device connection status
• Clipboard share scenario, maintain/provide existing settings when reconnecting</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000004933934/IconImage_20240717053105459_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl>https://www.youtube.com/embed/ll17HVeZcw4?hd=1&amp;rel=0&amp;autohide=1&amp;showinfo=0&amp;wmode=transparent</youtubeUrl><youtubeImgUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004933934/IconImage_20240717053105459_NEW_WEB_YOUTUBE_FULL.jpg</youtubeImgUrl><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004933934/IconImage_20240717053105459_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValue><ratingNumber>4.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>4.9.14.2</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>8.28 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2024.07.17</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.galaxycontinuity?session_id=W_9EA7EF64A27CF2A96714F2D8403F6F76&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>sensors</permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>sms</permissionList><permissionList>call_log</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>microphone</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1920x1089|1920x1089|1920x1139|1920x1176||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Samsung Flow is a software product that enables a seamless, secure, connected experience across your devices. You can authenticate your Tablet/PC with your smartphone, share content between devices...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Flow for Galaxy - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.galaxycontinuity</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004933934/ENG/ScreenShot_20240717053105459_1920_1139_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004933934/ENG/ScreenShot_20240717053105459_1920_1139_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004933934/ENG/ScreenShot_20240717053105459_1920_1176_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004933934/ENG/ScreenShot_20240717053105459_1920_1176_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004933934/ENG/ScreenShot_20240717053105459_1920_1089_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004933934/ENG/ScreenShot_20240717053105459_1920_1089_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004933934/ENG/ScreenShot_20240717053105459_1920_1089_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004933934/ENG/ScreenShot_20240717053105459_1920_1089_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Kwon Hyucktae</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>44</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>