<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.alarm.alarmmobile.android.telus</appId><contentId>000005919803</contentId><contentName>SmartHome</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>TELUS SmartHome is your all-in-one security, safety and home automation solution. Protect, connect, automate and monitor your home anytime from anywhere from a mobile device. All you need is internet or mobile service, a TELUS SmartHome Security service plan.

The TELUS SmartHome app offers an all in one platform for:
• 24/7 Security, safety and unexpected activity alerts
• Interactive video monitoring with built in analytics
• Energy efficiency management
• Home automation

Simple icons and easy-to-follow screens give you remote access and control. Guide a slider to dim a light, tap to chat with someone at your front door, or pre-program an early morning warm up of the house before you even open your eyes.

Note: This TELUS SmartHome app requires a service plan from TELUS and internet access. The app functionality and features vary based on the equipment and service plan. Visit telus.com/home-security for more information.

With the TELUS SmartHome app, you can:
• Receive real-time emails, text messages and push notifications for unexpected activity and events that matter to you
• View your property from installed video cameras
• Watch live and recorded video clips from your installed security cameras
• Schedule, automate and control lighting, smartplugs, heating, cooling, door locks and garage door controllers
• Search event and captured video history
• View and speak remotely to a visitor through your doorbell camera
Automate activity based on your home behaviours and activity


Sécurité Maison connectée de TELUS est une solution tout-en-un de sécurité et de domotique. Où que vous soyez dans le monde, protégez, automatisez et surveillez votre maison en temps réel grâce à n’importe quel appareil mobile récent. Il suffit d’une connexion Internet ou mobile, d’un forfait Sécurité Maison connectée de TELUS et des objets intelligents que vous souhaitez utiliser à la maison.

L’application Sécurité Maison connectée de TELUS combine de multiples solutions :
• Alertes de sécurité
• Surveillance vidéo interactive
• Gestion de la consommation d’énergie
• Domotique

Les icônes simples et l’interface conviviale font du contrôle à distance un jeu d’enfant. Faites glisser un curseur pour tamiser la lumière, parlez aux visiteurs qui sonnent à la porte ou programmez le chauffage pour vous réveiller dans une maison à la température idéale.

Remarque : L’application Sécurité Maison connectée de TELUS nécessite un système compatible, une connexion Internet et un forfait Sécurité Maison connectée de TELUS. Les fonctionnalités de l’application et leur utilisation varient en fonction de la solution choisie, du matériel et du forfait. Certaines conditions s’appliquent. Visitez https://www.telus.com/fr/home-security pour en savoir plus.

L’application Sécurité Maison connectée de TELUS vous offre une foule de possibilités :
• Recevez en temps réel des courriels, des messages texte et des notifications poussées qui vous avisent de toute activité anormale ou importante pour vous
• Surveillez votre propriété au moyen de caméras
• Visionnez des images vidéo en direct ou enregistrées
• Programmez l’éclairage ou allumez et éteignez la lumière manuellement
• Réglez vos thermostats intelligents à la température idéale
• Parcourez l’historique complet des événements
• Voyez qui se trouve devant la porte et parlez aux visiteurs</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000005919803/IconImage_20241025165812245_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>TELUS</sellerName><copyrightHolder>TELUS</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919803/IconImage_20241025165812245_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>4.21.22</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>186.54 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy>https://www.telus.com/en/smarthome-security/app/privacy</sellerPrivatePolicy><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2024.10.25</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.alarm.alarmmobile.android.telus?session_id=W_C968AF2E0B571338229B8A82842DD14E&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>sensors</permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>microphone</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>320x569|320x569|320x569|320x569||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>TELUS SmartHome is your all-in-one security, safety and home automation solution. Protect, connect, automate and monitor your home anytime from anywhere from a mobile device. All you need is intern...</page_meta_desc><page_title>SmartHome - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.alarm.alarmmobile.android.telus</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919803/ENG/ScreenShot_20241025165812245_320_569_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919803/ENG/ScreenShot_20241025165812245_320_569_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919803/ENG/ScreenShot_20241025165812245_320_569_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919803/ENG/ScreenShot_20241025165812245_320_569_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919803/ENG/ScreenShot_20241025165812245_320_569_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919803/ENG/ScreenShot_20241025165812245_320_569_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919803/ENG/ScreenShot_20241025165812245_320_569_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919803/ENG/ScreenShot_20241025165812245_320_569_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>TELUS</sellerTradeName><representation>TELUS Communications Inc</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Yen Jung Kim</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber/><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>