<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2020.05.21</modifyDate><createDate>2020.05.21</createDate><userId/><commentText>Can't even stop this bloatware</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>rain**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.05.12</modifyDate><createDate>2020.05.12</createDate><userId/><commentText>Fantastic and improves my assistance.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>dani**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.05.08</modifyDate><createDate>2020.05.08</createDate><userId/><commentText>Useful</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>udas**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.05.08</modifyDate><createDate>2020.05.08</createDate><userId/><commentText>SPIN MASTER</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>sand**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.05.05</modifyDate><createDate>2020.05.05</createDate><userId/><commentText>Xk kill</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>thom**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.05.04</modifyDate><createDate>2020.05.04</createDate><userId/><commentText>It's the best experience</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>hung**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.05.01</modifyDate><createDate>2020.05.01</createDate><userId/><commentText>Love Samsung</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>lind**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.04.27</modifyDate><createDate>2020.04.27</createDate><userId/><commentText>Needs to add Samsung Messages to the Service so we can use Chat/RCS features with other Samsung devices using this!</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>eric**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.04.27</modifyDate><createDate>2020.04.27</createDate><userId/><commentText>Its crap.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>nake**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.rubin.app</appId><contentId>000004890411</contentId><contentName>Customization Service</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>What is Customization Service?
 Samsung devices and services (collectively “Services”) are designed to provide users with customized services by predicting their desire and need in a smart and intelligent manner. By enabling the Customization Service option, you can be provided with an enhanced user experience, such as customized content and recommendations, based on the information obtained by this option through the Services. For example, it can improve your user experience with Samsung services by offering hints and information customized for you when you use the voice recognition service or remembering music you used to listen to on rainy days and recommending it later. Furthermore, if you give the command “Remind me to buy a bottle of water when I am almost home”, it can remember the command and remind you to purchase a bottle of water when you are almost home.
 What kind of information is required to use Customization Service?
 The more Customization Service understands and learns about the user, the faster and more accurate it can provide the content and information the user needs. Therefore, it needs to understand the user’s interests, preferences, and location, and also collect and use the following types of information:
 Device information, Metadata of played music and saved photos, Contacts and contact frequency, Internet browsing history, Location information, Registered information and/or usage history in Samsung Services, Information on connected third party services.
 How is the collected information used?
 The information specified above will be analyzed by an automated system and used by each of the Services for the following purposes: to provide customized content and information, to analyze methods of providing better services, and to improve and develop the services. In addition, any advertisements legally shown and/or sent to you might be utilized to provide advertisements that you will find most useful. 
 You can stop the collection and use of part of the information via the settings menu specified above, and Samsung will respect the choice you make. Please note that as the information specified above is necessary for each of the Services to provide you with Customization Service, the optimum user experience can only be ensured when you permit access to all information.
 What happens if I delete collected information or stop the collection of part of the information?
 If you delete collected information, the accuracy and/or quality of Customization Service may decrease. Moreover, some customization features may require information which you have stopped the collection of and it may only be possible to resume receiving their services if you permit the collection and use of the relevant information again.
 Other choices users have
 Samsung respects the choices made by the user, who is the subject of collected data, and also strives to offer a variety of ways for the user to control their data. Even if the Customization Service option is disabled, the user can still use the default features provided by each of the Services.
 To change the Customization Service settings for each device, please follow the path below: 
 - Smartphones/Tablets: Settings > Cloud and accounts > Accounts > Samsung account > Privacy > Customization Service
 To change the Customization Service settings for all devices used with your Samsung account, please follow the relevant path below:
 - Website: http://account.samsung.com > Personal information settings
 - Smartphones/Tablets: Settings > Cloud and accounts > Accounts > Samsung account > Profile > Manage Samsung account > Customization Service
 The path above may be subject to change or a new path may be added due to an update and/or the addition of a device model supporting Customization Service. Any changes will be introduced via a notice in Samsung account or another method.
 You can find more information in Customization Service agreement.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000004890411/IconImage_20200426224408808_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004890411/IconImage_20200426224408808_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>14</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-4-5</ratingValue><ratingNumber>4.5</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>2.6.01.5</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>7.7 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2020.04.26</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.rubin.app?session_id=W_2D67E75DE823C06F229F785EF392F21D&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>calendar</permissionList><permissionList>sms</permissionList><permissionList>call_log</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2868|1440x2868|1440x2868|1440x2868||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>What is Customization Service?
 Samsung devices and services (collectively “Services”) are designed to provide users with customized services by predicting their desire and need in a smart and inte...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Customization Service - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.rubin.app</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004890411/ENG/ScreenShot_20200426224408808_1440_2868_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004890411/ENG/ScreenShot_20200426224408808_1440_2868_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004890411/ENG/ScreenShot_20200426224408808_1440_2868_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004890411/ENG/ScreenShot_20200426224408808_1440_2868_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004890411/ENG/ScreenShot_20200426224408808_1440_2868_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004890411/ENG/ScreenShot_20200426224408808_1440_2868_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004890411/ENG/ScreenShot_20200426224408808_1440_2868_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004890411/ENG/ScreenShot_20200426224408808_1440_2868_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>김도한</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>9</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>