<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2023.03.30</modifyDate><createDate>2023.03.30</createDate><userId/><commentText>خوبه Good</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>asey**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.11.12</modifyDate><createDate>2020.11.12</createDate><userId/><commentText>emjoi doesn't appear when I'm typing... love all the emjoi specially heart colour but I just dislike that emjoi doesn't comes up automatically.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>udtg**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.10.24</modifyDate><createDate>2020.10.24</createDate><userId/><commentText>Not very good,clipboard playing up</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>anwi**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.10.21</modifyDate><createDate>2020.10.21</createDate><userId/><commentText>Can't search emojis</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>soph**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.08.09</modifyDate><createDate>2020.08.09</createDate><userId/><commentText>After auto-update, Japanese keyboard stopped working. It's been over 2 weeks, never been fixed. Tryed so many way to fix but doesn't work. Not happy at all.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>naom**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.08.04</modifyDate><createDate>2020.08.04</createDate><userId/><commentText>Why can't i use my S pen to write since the new update.  Why would you need the S pen if you can't write as before. Totally dislike the new update</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>mpaa**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.06.07</modifyDate><createDate>2020.06.07</createDate><userId/><commentText>Reset my phone back to factory defaults and lost a lot of data and photos in the process to try and get the Samsung keyboard to recognise different themed keyboards on the galaxy themes but STILL the Samsung keyboard doesn't change to the theme chosen. A lot of time and money wasted. To Samsung dev team, FIX your keyboard to recognise and change to different themes.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jens**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.04.18</modifyDate><createDate>2020.04.18</createDate><userId/><commentText>The handwriting editing shortcuts are no longer a thing in this latest update ?  Text used to persist on the keyboard so you could delete lines with a stroke or separate letters with a slash. It used to be a copy of the converted text stayed on the keyboard for easy editing ? Please bring this most useful handwriting tool back. Then it would be five stars for sure.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>davi**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.03.30</modifyDate><createDate>2020.03.30</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hello i want to make a complaint about the predictive text that come up when im typing messages on my Note 10, it never comes close to what im typing on my phone. On my previous Note 8 i used i never had a problem but with the Note 10 its always been a problem with me. Can you please fix it. Thank you</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>abze**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.03.15</modifyDate><createDate>2020.03.15</createDate><userId/><commentText>Disappointed I cant get the 4x3 keyboard that I had on my Note 5. The Note 10+ has only got the qwerty keyboard, which I hate, always touching the wrong keys because the keys are too close.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>tony**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.03.11</modifyDate><createDate>2020.03.11</createDate><userId/><commentText>Cannot uninstall or disable. This is malware.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>sean**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.03.09</modifyDate><createDate>2020.03.09</createDate><userId/><commentText>Useless for me. Still unable to remove it</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>adit**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.02.19</modifyDate><createDate>2020.02.19</createDate><userId/><commentText>Good</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>saye**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.02.16</modifyDate><createDate>2020.02.16</createDate><userId/><commentText>Not enough gifs</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>gaza**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.02.15</modifyDate><createDate>2020.02.15</createDate><userId/><commentText>I've just moved over to gboard which is the Google keyboard.  By God this Samsung keyboard was hopeless you would correct a word thinking that it would remember it in the future and it wouldn't.  Blue text above the keyboard means it's going to autocorrect it however the text was usually white and it would never remember my corrections.  It got so bad with this keyboard that I was sending people voice messages.  Samsung need to ditch their shifty software and leave the play store as the main store as well in addition to the keyboard.  Install g board and tell Samsung what you think of their bloat ware</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>rob8**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.sec.android.inputmethod</appId><contentId>000004787647</contentId><contentName>Samsung Keyboard</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Have fun typing with Samsung Keyboard. Various input methods and convenient features help make typing easier and more convenient for you.

[Key Features]
• Multilanguage support
- Samsung Keyboard supports over 80 languages.

• Smart typing
- Predictive text: Learns how you type and recommends words and phrases as you type. The recommendation feature will perform better based on the data Samsung Keyboard gathers for each user.
- Auto spell check: Finds typos and suggests correct alternatives. 
- Text shortcuts: Creates shortcuts for frequently used words and phrases. You can easily input text by typing shortcuts and selecting text from the recommendation window.
- Switching input languages: You can change the input language by swiping the spacebar to the left or right.
- It provides optimized keys for different input windows such as address, email, and search.
- Samsung Keyboard analyzes how you usually type, so it will correct your typos.

• Various input methods
- Clipboard: You can select text or images saved to the clipboard, and paste them.
- Keyboard swipe controls: You can input text or move the cursor by performing gestures on the keyboard screen.
- Voice input and Handwriting recognition are available.
- Split keyboard, Floating keyboard, and One-handed input keyboard are available.

• Keyboard custom settings
- Long-press the Custom key to open the Option and Symbol list, and select one that you want to assign a shortcut for. (e.g., Voice input, Handwriting recognition, Clipboard, Emoji, One-handed input mode, Keyboard settings, or Symbols)
- Custom symbols: Save your frequently used symbols and favorite symbols, and use them later. Open the Symbol list by long-pressing the period (.) to easily input symbols.
- Keyboard size, Number keys, and Alternative characters: You can adjust the keyboard size freely in all four directions, and also decide whether or not the Number keys and Alternative characters should be included on the keyboard.
- High contrast keyboard: Samsung Keyboard provides a high-contrast keyboard to take into account users with low vision or color vision impairment.

• Other features
- Emoji: Express your personality in a fun way using over 3,000 emojis.
- Language update: It adds and learns new words on a regular basis. You can update languages via the Keyboard settings.
- Backup and restore: You can back up and restore the Keyboard settings and data using Samsung Cloud.
- It provides optimized keyboard layouts when you are using Car mode, Samsung DeX, or a Keyboard cover, and also supports text input via a hardware keyboard.

※ The available features may differ depending on the country or the device.

[Supported Languages]
English (US, UK, AU), Italian, Spanish (US, ES), Galician, Catalan, Basque, Dutch, Polish, Portuguese, Norwegian, Danish, Swedish, Finnish, Icelandic, Estonian, Romanian, Bosnian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Slovak, Turkish, Azerbaijani, Albanian, Vietnamese, Tagalog, Uzbek, Afrikaans, Javanese, Sundanese, Turkmen, Swahili, Yoruba, Igbo, Hausa, Twi, Zulu, Sesotho, Xhosa, Irish, Silesian, Indonesian, Malay, German, Czech, Croatian, Slovenian, Hungarian, Serbian, French (FR, CA), Malagasy, Russian, Bulgarian, Ukrainian, Kazakh, Macedonian, Mongolian, Kyrgyz, Tajik, Belarus, Arabic, Farsi, Urdu, Hindi, Tamil, Kannada, Gujarati, Telugu, Malayalam, Bengali, Assamese, Punjabi, Sinhala, Nepali, Marathi, Oriya (Odia), Maithili, Greek, Hebrew, Georgian, Armenian, Korean, Simplified Chinese | Mainland, Traditional Chinese | HK, Traditional Chinese | TW, Japanese, Thai, Lao, Khmer, Myanmar, Tibetan</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000004787647/IconImage_20200228024545962_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004787647/IconImage_20200228024545962_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-2-5</ratingValue><ratingNumber>2.5</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>3.5.40.17</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>59.52 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2020.02.28</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.sec.android.inputmethod?session_id=W_2D0730A0CF96944006A6B4A115008EC2&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Have fun typing with Samsung Keyboard. Various input methods and convenient features help make typing easier and more convenient for you.

[Key Features]
• Multilanguage support
- Samsung Keyboard ...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Keyboard - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.sec.android.inputmethod</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004787647/ENG/ScreenShot_20200228024545962_1440_2560_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004787647/ENG/ScreenShot_20200228024545962_1440_2560_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004787647/ENG/ScreenShot_20200228024545962_1440_2560_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004787647/ENG/ScreenShot_20200228024545962_1440_2560_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004787647/ENG/ScreenShot_20200228024545962_1440_2560_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004787647/ENG/ScreenShot_20200228024545962_1440_2560_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004787647/ENG/ScreenShot_20200228024545962_1440_2560_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004787647/ENG/ScreenShot_20200228024545962_1440_2560_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004787647/ENG/ScreenShot_20200228024545962_1440_2560_320_5.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004787647/ENG/ScreenShot_20200228024545962_1440_2560_5.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004787647/ENG/ScreenShot_20200228024545962_1440_2560_320_6.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004787647/ENG/ScreenShot_20200228024545962_1440_2560_6.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName/><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>15</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>