<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.ebay.mobile</appId><contentId>000003016133</contentId><contentName>eBay</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Buy and sell on the go with eBay. Explore discount offers on best-selling brands in categories like clothes, beauty, home, electronics &amp; more. 

Shop unbeatable deals and save money on your online shopping with free delivery!

Search and buy great offers on your favorite items. Whether you want to upgrade to the latest iPhone or shop discount beauty deals, the world of eBay is yours to explore - all on your cell phone! 

Deals &amp; discounts: access the best prices &amp; unmissable bargains!

Buy and sell with eBay, the home of online shopping deals &amp; free delivery! Top 5 reasons to download: 

Beauty, home, DIY, used cars - search for offers in every category
Explore top brands in electronics like Apple &amp; Samsung
Auction on the go: Sell items or bid on deals with ease
Sell &amp; save: From used cars to your old iPhone, make money with unused items
Daily deals right at your fingertips

Buy, sell &amp; auction in categories like:

Clothes, fashion and outfits
Buy women's, men's and children’s clothes
Shopping deals on fall and winter fashion
Offers on clothes, shoes and accessories for any occasion

Used and new auto parts &amp; vehicles
Buy new &amp; used cars from thousands of worldwide retailers
Search &amp; find trucks, SUVs and motorcycles
Explore the best gear, helmets, gloves, jackets and more

Cell phones, gadgets &amp; electronics 
Shop bestselling brands like Apple and Samsung
Buy the newest gadgets or cell phone at a bargain price
Samsung Galaxy S8 or iPhone X from Apple? Find the best brands at the best prices 

Home, Garden and DIY
Shop DIY offers for your home online
Browse deals on garden tools and decorations
Buy gadgets and decor for your home

Discover eBay on your cell phone today! From online auction to daily deal, there’s something for everyone to discover.

LANGUAGE SUPPORT
English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Polish, Dutch (Belgium + Netherlands)

KEEP IN TOUCH
Your feedback and suggestions are important to us! Contact us on Twitter @askebay or www.ebay.com/android

PERMISSIONS
We know you value your privacy when apps request permissions. Here is exactly how they are used:

YOUR ACCOUNTS: Keep up to date by enabling push notifications.

SYSTEM TOOLS: Let us wake up your device to send notifications, after which the device automatically returns to sleep mode.

LOCATION: Let us provide search results relevant to your location.

NETWORK COMMUNICATION: Share items with your friends or others on eBay using Near Field Communication (NFC). Just enable NFC on your device settings, then hold your phone up to theirs and we’ll send the item over!

CAMERA: Scan barcodes for comparison shopping or start a new listing, take pics of an item you're listing, and attach pics to eBay messages.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000003016133/IconImage_20201105180934238_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>eBay</sellerName><copyrightHolder>eBay</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003016133/IconImage_20201105180934238_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>5.5.0.18</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>22.42 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2020.11.05</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.ebay.mobile?session_id=W_78C303089216C0A3CEC19AB032D3F196&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>512x599|512x600|512x601|512x604||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Buy and sell on the go with eBay. Explore discount offers on best-selling brands in categories like clothes, beauty, home, electronics &amp; more. 

Shop unbeatable deals and save money on your online ...</page_meta_desc><page_title>eBay - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.ebay.mobile</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003016133/ENG/ScreenShot_20201105180934238_512_600_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003016133/ENG/ScreenShot_20201105180934238_512_600_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003016133/ENG/ScreenShot_20201105180934238_512_601_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003016133/ENG/ScreenShot_20201105180934238_512_601_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003016133/ENG/ScreenShot_20201105180934238_512_599_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003016133/ENG/ScreenShot_20201105180934238_512_599_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003016133/ENG/ScreenShot_20201105180934238_512_604_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003016133/ENG/ScreenShot_20201105180934238_512_604_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>N/A</sellerTradeName><representation>N/A</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Kalpana Prabhakar</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber/><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>