<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.gameloft.android.GloftDMPH</appId><contentId>000005603212</contentId><contentName>Minion Rush</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>OVER 950+ MILLION PLAYERS HAVE FELT THE MINION RUSH. NOW IT’S YOUR TURN TO JOIN ONE OF THE MOST MEMORABLY DESPICABLE GAMES AROUND! 
 Illumination, Universal &amp; Gameloft have teamed up to create Minion Rush, an innovative and highly addictive running game for everyone! 
 Ready to test your skills? Then run and jump into this fun new runner game along with the Minions to race and dodge your way through all the famous locations straight from the Despicable Me and Minions movies! 

 ENDLESS RUNNING FUN WITH THE MINIONS 
• Experience easy to play controls as you run, jump, slide, and dodge obstacles as fast as possible!
• Have fun clearing out action-packed missions with lots of powerups and unexpected twists.
• Collect Costumes and run in race challenges as different Minions, including Dave, Carl, Jerry and Mel.
• Feel the rush run anytime – there are always fun new goals to fulfill every day.
• Enjoy an award-winning, fan-favorite running game, highly acclaimed by boys and girls of all ages. And there’s plenty of despicable racing fun action for you too!
• Pick it up in seconds thanks to easy to play controls and simple endless running. You just have to run, swipe, dash, and jump to keep rolling through this adventure game! 

 GET TO KNOW THE MINIONS UNIVERSE 
• Enter a running adventure game with the Minions full of stunning locations with lively graphics, recreated from the memorable Despicable Me and Minions movies. 
• Dash through the Residential Area where Gru and the girls live, Egyptian Pyramids, the Prison where the Minions were stuck, always sunny Freedonia, full of surprises Eduardo’s House, and many more!
• Each location is crafted with love and passion, so get ready for a fun race through challenging obstacles, inside amazing areas and out in the wild. 
• Take your daring chase through cities, malls, parks, beaches, a temple - you name it! Also, we made sure to have the most colorful and vivid graphics to make sure you have a great experience playing the best free running game. 
• If you’re adventurous enough, there’s also a secret area hidden in every location, but you have to show some great running skills and fast swiping acrobatics to get to them!
• Discover loads of great new stories, each available for just a limited time in the Special Missions that come with each regular game update! We promise to keep you busy with new fun racing missions and exciting runner game events.
• There are lots of prizes waiting for you to collect after completing every action mission, so get your running shoes on and start the action fast!

 COLLECT COSTUMES TO SUIT YOUR STYLE 
• The Minions love to dress up, so check out the awesome costume collection! The variety will surprise you, so whether you prefer to play as a Surfer, Ballerina, Spy, Cupid, or Cancan Dancer, we’ve got you covered. And that’s just the tip of the costume iceberg!
• The Minions never sleep, so neither do we when it comes to crafting new costumes. That’s why there’s almost always something new to try on with every update to the game!
• Each Minion Costume has its own special skills, powerups, and a dash of style to help your Minion accomplish their despicable missions. Collect costumes until you have them all!

 Don't Forget: Minion Rush is not only a mobile runner game that’s packed with all the fun of the Despicable Me and Minions movies, but it’s also a hit game that’s on mobile for free, with all the simple action and stunning graphics that makes this endless runner game enjoyable for all!
________________________________________
Privacy Policy: http://www.gameloft.com/en-gb/privacy-notice
Terms of Use: http://www.gameloft.com/en-gb/conditions-of-use
End-User License Agreement: http://www.gameloft.com/en-gb/eula</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000005603212/IconImage_20210405173706571_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Gameloft</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Gameloft</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005603212/IconImage_20210405173706571_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>1.0.1</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>56.84 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy>http://www.gameloft.com/pt-br/privacy-notice</sellerPrivatePolicy><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2021.04.05</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.gameloft.android.GloftDMPH?session_id=W_8A3B164F119C201E12797FB0527CA38A&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>sms</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>2155x3840|2155x3840|2155x3840|2155x3840|2155x3840|||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>OVER 950+ MILLION PLAYERS HAVE FELT THE MINION RUSH. NOW IT’S YOUR TURN TO JOIN ONE OF THE MOST MEMORABLY DESPICABLE GAMES AROUND! 
 Illumination, Universal &amp; Gameloft have teamed up to create Mini...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Minion Rush - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.gameloft.android.GloftDMPH</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005603212/ENG/ScreenShot_20210405173706571_2155_3840_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005603212/ENG/ScreenShot_20210405173706571_2155_3840_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005603212/ENG/ScreenShot_20210405173706571_2155_3840_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005603212/ENG/ScreenShot_20210405173706571_2155_3840_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005603212/ENG/ScreenShot_20210405173706571_2155_3840_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005603212/ENG/ScreenShot_20210405173706571_2155_3840_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005603212/ENG/ScreenShot_20210405173706571_2155_3840_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005603212/ENG/ScreenShot_20210405173706571_2155_3840_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005603212/ENG/ScreenShot_20210405173706571_2155_3840_320_5.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005603212/ENG/ScreenShot_20210405173706571_2155_3840_5.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Gameloft</sellerTradeName><representation>Gameloft</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Jheimysom Pacheco Torres</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber/><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>