<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2023.02.08</modifyDate><createDate>2023.02.08</createDate><userId/><commentText>The keyboard is too tall. You should be able to make it slimmer</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jame**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.01.02</modifyDate><createDate>2023.01.02</createDate><userId/><commentText>clipboard is missing. I can only copy + paste one thing at a time now because clipboard won't store anything. the button isn't there!! just select all, autofill or paste. those options. but not clipboard.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>ad**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.01.02</modifyDate><createDate>2023.01.02</createDate><userId/><commentText>Good</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>lynd**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.12.29</modifyDate><createDate>2022.12.29</createDate><userId/><commentText>I just replaced my oppo for a A73 SAMSUNG . I used Microsoft swift keyboard with cursor arrows and really miss them on this one. I have set on light dark with large letters. But I find difficult to read and find the characters in the keyboard back ground. It's a shame as I do like them on a long press rather than switching to another set to choose. It's early days and I may get use to</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>mich**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.12.20</modifyDate><createDate>2022.12.20</createDate><userId/><commentText>Not vad could improve</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>vald**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.12.16</modifyDate><createDate>2022.12.16</createDate><userId/><commentText>♻️♻️♻️ funding garbage 🗑 🙄</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>mcbl**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.11.10</modifyDate><createDate>2022.11.10</createDate><userId/><commentText>😊👍Pretty Good.....
Similar to Swiftkey but seems the only way to customise the keyboard On【SM-A13F5】 is if u customise the phone theme too..</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>char**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.10.19</modifyDate><createDate>2022.10.19</createDate><userId/><commentText>Where can I find how to add an image .</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jann**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.10.17</modifyDate><createDate>2022.10.17</createDate><userId/><commentText>Boss</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>coyn**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.10.06</modifyDate><createDate>2022.10.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>No flag emojis</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>godf**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.10.05</modifyDate><createDate>2022.10.05</createDate><userId/><commentText>Why can't i delete f##$ing grammerly🤬</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>gre0**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.10.05</modifyDate><createDate>2022.10.05</createDate><userId/><commentText>I'm impressed , this has to be my new favourite keyboard , updates have made it sooo much better , thanks guys , great job 👍</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>davo**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.09.26</modifyDate><createDate>2022.09.26</createDate><userId/><commentText>❤️ and I will be required to do this for you to get the best out of your,,as soon nomoskar is the most important step to get back      into your own business bank account with a new credit card account and account details for you and your own account in order for your account details to make payment by the following methods of delivery cta7-store Visit your local branch and request must be lodged by 3pm AEST on the day that you can help me out with this whole thing to do something to do neug xompadit gronthor I love you so happy that it has come out to be in my eyes</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>leve**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.09.18</modifyDate><createDate>2022.09.18</createDate><userId/><commentText>Predictive type is terrible. Have to correct my own mistakes majority if the time even if it's painfully obvious that a word is meant to be something else. For example thr is meant to be the. Come on samsung!! Also gifs really lack. Giphy works really well and has so many more options on google keyboard (gboard). You should also give users the option to customise where they want certain buttons on their keyboard</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>lizs**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.09.15</modifyDate><createDate>2022.09.15</createDate><userId/><commentText>Too much spam. Too many times i accept useless terms and conditions for a pathetic company that has a complete disrgard for my (all of our) personal information. I will buy apple and sell this shyte.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>morg**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.honeyboard</appId><contentId>000006194004</contentId><contentName>Samsung Keyboard</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Have fun typing with Samsung Keyboard. Various input methods and convenient features help make typing easier and more convenient for you.

 [Key Features]
• Multilanguage support
 - Samsung Keyboard supports over 370 languages.

• Smart typing
 - Predictive text: Learns how you type and recommends words and phrases as you type. The recommendation feature will perform better based on the data Samsung Keyboard gathers for each user.
 - Auto spell check: Finds typos and suggests correct alternatives. 
 - Text shortcuts: Creates shortcuts for frequently used words and phrases. You can easily input text by typing shortcuts and selecting text from the recommendation window.
 - Switching input languages: You can change the input language by swiping the spacebar to the left or right.
 - It provides optimized keys for different input windows such as address, email, and search.
 - Samsung Keyboard analyzes how you usually type, so it will correct your typos.

• Various input methods
 - Clipboard: You can select text or images saved to the clipboard, and paste them.
 - Keyboard swipe controls: You can input text or move the cursor by performing gestures on the keyboard screen.
 - Voice input and Handwriting recognition are available.
 - Split keyboard, Floating keyboard, and One-handed input keyboard are available.

• Keyboard custom settings
 - Long-press the Custom key to open the Option and Symbol list, and select one that you want to assign a shortcut for. (e.g., Voice input, Handwriting recognition, Clipboard, Emoji, One-handed input mode, Keyboard settings, or Symbols)
 - Custom symbols: Save your frequently used symbols and favorite symbols, and use them later. Open the Symbol list by long-pressing the period (.) to easily input symbols.
 - Keyboard size, Number keys, and Alternative characters: You can adjust the keyboard size freely in all four directions, and also decide whether or not the Number keys and Alternative characters should be included on the keyboard.
 - High contrast keyboard: Samsung Keyboard provides a high-contrast keyboard to take into account users with low vision or color vision impairment.

• Other features
 - Emoji: Express your personality in a fun way using over 3,000 emojis.
 - Language update: It adds and learns new words on a regular basis. You can update languages via the Keyboard settings.
 - It provides optimized keyboard layouts when you are using Car mode, Samsung DeX, or a Keyboard cover, and also supports text input via a hardware keyboard.

 ※ The available features may differ depending on the country or the device.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>1. We have fixed some issues in the previous version.
   - Fixed the issue in which typos occurred when the “Predictive text” settings were off 
   - Fixed the issue in which Hangul letters were split
   - Fixed the issue in which the keyboard screen was displayed incorrectly when rotated horizontally and vertically
   - Fixed the issue in which sensitive Chinese words were displayed in the recommended words on China-focused devices</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000006194004/IconImage_20220816045737501_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006194004/IconImage_20220816045737501_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-3-5</ratingValue><ratingNumber>3.5</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>5.4.80.1</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>85.26 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2022.08.16</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.honeyboard?session_id=W_99EA44AEB9BF5A6DFB55293360E64DA8&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2880|1440x2880|1440x2880|1440x2880||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Have fun typing with Samsung Keyboard. Various input methods and convenient features help make typing easier and more convenient for you.

 [Key Features]
• Multilanguage support
 - Samsung Keyboar...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Keyboard - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.honeyboard</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006194004/ENG/ScreenShot_20220816045737501_1440_2880_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006194004/ENG/ScreenShot_20220816045737501_1440_2880_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006194004/ENG/ScreenShot_20220816045737501_1440_2880_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006194004/ENG/ScreenShot_20220816045737501_1440_2880_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006194004/ENG/ScreenShot_20220816045737501_1440_2880_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006194004/ENG/ScreenShot_20220816045737501_1440_2880_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006194004/ENG/ScreenShot_20220816045737501_1440_2880_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006194004/ENG/ScreenShot_20220816045737501_1440_2880_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Keyboard TG</firstName><lastName>Keyboard TG</lastName><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>47</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>