<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2021.07.03</modifyDate><createDate>2021.07.03</createDate><userId/><commentText>Does the basic. Wish the alarm could connect to spotify playlists to wake up to my favourite music</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>gell**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.08.14</modifyDate><createDate>2020.08.14</createDate><userId/><commentText>Crashes when trying to change alarm sound. Please fix. Otherwise good app. Very bored with hearing the same alarm sound.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>gglr**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.07.26</modifyDate><createDate>2020.07.26</createDate><userId/><commentText>Garbage keeps crashing, alarm is set to silent, cant change that as app crashes. Totally useless as alarm.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>tina**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.07.28</modifyDate><createDate>2019.07.28</createDate><userId/><commentText>The app is awful the comparative analysis of other Android or iPhone app symbolize an excellent work than Sumsung Weather app</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jimm**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.07.25</modifyDate><createDate>2019.07.25</createDate><userId/><commentText>It is not working properly. It wont make a noise as the control settings are disabled and have been since the last update. Please fix this</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>gabb**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.07.22</modifyDate><createDate>2019.07.22</createDate><userId/><commentText>Still crashing, and defaults to silent, when you try to change the alarm sounds the app just closes, please fix this issue.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>sean**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.07.01</modifyDate><createDate>2019.07.01</createDate><userId/><commentText>Still crashing and alarm defaults to silent. When you try to change it it closes the app. Please fix.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>kara**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.03.18</modifyDate><createDate>2019.03.18</createDate><userId/><commentText>Its crashing i dont want be late and alarms are silent or not working fix it</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>aka.**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.03.26</modifyDate><createDate>2019.03.16</createDate><userId/><commentText>Keeps crashing when you go to set the alarm sound</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>stor**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.03.14</modifyDate><createDate>2019.03.14</createDate><userId/><commentText>STUCK ON SILENT THEN CRASHES  PLEASE FIX</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>broc**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.02.15</modifyDate><createDate>2019.02.15</createDate><userId/><commentText>Stuck on silent and crashes EVERY TIME. Useless.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>rach**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2019.01.26</modifyDate><createDate>2019.01.26</createDate><userId/><commentText>This update stuffed up the clock on my tablet. The alarm clock no longer works, is always on silent and crashes everytime i try to change it</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>dave**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2018.12.22</modifyDate><createDate>2018.12.22</createDate><userId/><commentText>The last 2 tablet updates caused my issues to where I can't change the sound anymore, it just crashes always I tried doing a cashe, nothing</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>leah**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2018.12.15</modifyDate><createDate>2018.12.15</createDate><userId/><commentText>When phone is unlocked there is only a tiny clock at the top right of the display. You can hardly see it. Poor design.4 star if they fix it</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>prls**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.sec.android.app.clockpackage</appId><contentId>000003764117</contentId><contentName>Clock</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Manage your time more efficiently with our Clock app. You only need one app to enjoy 4 features at the same time.
Simple &amp; Easy! The Clock app has a simple layout that anyone can easily use.

■ If you have an important appointment, set an alarm for the next morning.
Anybody can set an alarm on the easy to use screen.

■ If you’re wondering what time it is in a city on the other side of the earth right now, tap World clock.
World clock shows both the time and weather in your selected city.

■ When every second counts, having too many buttons and a complicated layout can be annoying.
Stopwatch provides a simple screen where the user can check elapsed time in the simplest way.

■ Timer can help you count down time accurately for when you’re cooking or working out.


[Key features]
- Alarm
: Alarm offers several useful, specialised features for users.
: If you’re not an early riser, simply use the snooze button instead of setting multiple alarms to wake up.
: When the alarm goes off in the morning, it will also tell you the time out loud. Now, you don't have to search for your phone to check the time.
: It supports a drag interaction so those who frequently use the repeat function can now select which days to repeat with one simple tap.
: If you don't like getting startled by a loud alarm on a quiet morning, use the increasing volume function that gradually increases an alarm’s volume.

- World clock
: If you want to know a city’s location on the globe and what time it is over there, you can now find out on the globe in the world clock. You will find the time in your selected city under its name.
: If you want to quickly check the local time for a different country based on the city you selected, use the Time zone converter. Find the local time easily without having to do the calculations yourself.

- Stopwatch
: If you want to utilise recorded workout times somewhere else, use the copy lap time function. Tap and hold a spot the screen to copy your records.

- Timer
: Without entering a time on the keypad, simply scroll and set the settings to use the Timer.
: Save frequently used values for the timer in advance. Forget the inconvenience of having to set the times whenever you use the timer.
: After the timer goes off but you want to repeat the countdown, tap the Restart button. You can reuse the same value without entering a time separately.

※ Application permissions
 The following permissions are required for the app service. For optional permissions, the default functionality of the service is turned on, but not allowed. 
 [Required permissions]
 - Calendar: Used to transfer calendar data
 - Storage: Used to save the files necessary for data transfer
 If your system software version is lower than Android 6.0, please update the software to configure App permissions.
 Previously allowed permissions can be reset on Apps menu in device settings after software update.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>- Fixed a bug where ongoing notifications on Timer, Stopwatch disappear after the language is changed.
- Fixed a bug where the alarm alert screen disappears after a call is ended by the other person.
- The News reading option in the Bixby briefing feature is now also supported in the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, and Spain. (※ Bixby briefing is supported for Bixby supported models only.)</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000003764117/IconImage_20190128101130562_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003764117/IconImage_20190128101130562_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-3-5</ratingValue><ratingNumber>3.5</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>8.0.01.9</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>14.04 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2019.01.28</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.sec.android.app.clockpackage?session_id=W_D837B3E980A0A7978667FC662E7A1A6D&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>calendar</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Manage your time more efficiently with our Clock app. You only need one app to enjoy 4 features at the same time.
Simple &amp; Easy! The Clock app has a simple layout that anyone can easily use.

■ If ...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Clock - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.sec.android.app.clockpackage</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003764117/ENG/ScreenShot_20190128101130562_1440_2560_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003764117/ENG/ScreenShot_20190128101130562_1440_2560_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003764117/ENG/ScreenShot_20190128101130562_1440_2560_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003764117/ENG/ScreenShot_20190128101130562_1440_2560_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003764117/ENG/ScreenShot_20190128101130562_1440_2560_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003764117/ENG/ScreenShot_20190128101130562_1440_2560_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003764117/ENG/ScreenShot_20190128101130562_1440_2560_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003764117/ENG/ScreenShot_20190128101130562_1440_2560_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>HUR</firstName><lastName>KEUNCHANG</lastName><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>14</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>