<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.zhiliaoapp.musically</appId><contentId>000005805083</contentId><contentName>TikTok</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Discover what you love - watch videos, music &amp; live streams personalized for you
TikTok is THE destination for mobile videos. On TikTok, short-form videos are exciting, spontaneous, and genuine. Whether you’re a sports fanatic, a pet enthusiast, or just looking for a laugh, there’s something for everyone on TikTok. All you have to do is watch, engage with what you like, skip what you don’t, and you’ll find an endless stream of short videos that feel personalized just for you. From your morning coffee to your afternoon errands, TikTok has the videos that are guaranteed to make your day.
We make it easy for you to discover and create your own original videos by providing easy-to-use tools to view and capture your daily moments. Take your videos to the next level with special effects, filters, music, and more. 
•	Watch endless amounts of videos customized specifically for you. A personalized video feed based on what you watch, like, and share. TikTok offers you real, interesting, and fun videos that will make your day. 
•	Explore videos, just one scroll away 
Watch all types of videos, from Comedy, Gaming, DIY, Food, Sports, Memes, and Pets, to Oddly Satisfying, ASMR, and everything in between.
•	Pause recording multiple times in one video 
Pause and resume your video with just a tap. Shoot as many times as you need.
•	Be entertained and inspired by a global community of creators 
Millions of creators are on TikTok showcasing their incredible skills and everyday life. Let yourself be inspired.
•	Add your favorite music or sound to your videos for free 
Easily edit your videos with millions of free music clips and sounds. We curate music and sound playlists for you with the hottest tracks in every genre, including Hip Hop, Edm, Pop, Rock, Rap, and Country, and the most viral original sounds.
•	Express yourself with creative effects 
Unlock tons of filters, effects, and AR objects to take your videos to the next level.
•	Edit your own videos 
Our integrated editing tools allow you to easily trim, cut, merge and duplicate video clips without leaving the app.

Des millions de vidéos rien que pour vous!
TikTok est une communauté vidéo mondiale. Nous te facilitons l'usage de l'application, afin que tu puisses regarder de superbes vidéos et également créer tes propres vidéos amusantes et mémorables à partager avec le monde entier. Pimente tes vidéos avec nos filtres d'effets spéciaux, des autocollants amusants, et bien plus encore. 
•	Regarde des millions de vidéos, sélectionnées spécialement pour toi. Une expérience adaptée spécifiquement selon tes préférences en fonction du contenu que tu regardes, aimes et partages ! TikTok s'adapte à tes goûts pour te proposer les vidéos les plus pertinentes, intéressantes, amusantes, décalées et captivantes que tu ne te lasseras jamais de regarder ! 
•	Se divertir et s'inspirer d'une communauté mondiale de créateurs. Des millions de créateurs sont sur TikTok pour présenter leurs talents incroyables, leurs moments précieux et leurs connaissances. 
•	Ajoute tes musiques et tes sons préférés gratuitement à tes vidéos. Édite facilement tes vidéos avec des millions de clips musicaux et de sons gratuits ! Nous créons pour toi des playlists musicales avec les morceaux les plus populaires et de tous genres, comme le pop, rock, rap, électronique, R &amp;B, country et plus encore. 
•	Utilise des autocollants émoticône, et des filtres de visage. Plus de 100 autocollants émoticônes disponibles gratuitement pour améliorer tes vidéos. Débloque des tonnes de filtres faciaux amusants et des effets beauté dans tes vidéos. 
•	Les outils d'édition te permettent de couper, fusionner et dupliquer facilement des clips vidéo 
•	Les filtres Live streaming sont constamment mis à jour avec des designs frais et créatifs 
•	Des vidéos de danse, de comédie, de vlog, de sport, de DIY et d'animaux, toutes prêtes à être consommées.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000005805083/IconImage_20211008143733251_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>TikTok Pte. Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>TikTok Pte. Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005805083/IconImage_20211008143733251_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>19.8.0</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>96.07 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy>https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en</sellerPrivatePolicy><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2021.10.08</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.zhiliaoapp.musically?session_id=W_DEC226BBF595E0A6F42FACF513333D8A&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>calendar</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>microphone</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1242x2208|1242x2208|1242x2208|1242x2208||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Discover what you love - watch videos, music &amp; live streams personalized for you
TikTok is THE destination for mobile videos. On TikTok, short-form videos are exciting, spontaneous, and genuine. Wh...</page_meta_desc><page_title>TikTok - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.zhiliaoapp.musically</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005805083/ENG/ScreenShot_20211008143733251_1242_2208_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005805083/ENG/ScreenShot_20211008143733251_1242_2208_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005805083/ENG/ScreenShot_20211008143733251_1242_2208_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005805083/ENG/ScreenShot_20211008143733251_1242_2208_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005805083/ENG/ScreenShot_20211008143733251_1242_2208_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005805083/ENG/ScreenShot_20211008143733251_1242_2208_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005805083/ENG/ScreenShot_20211008143733251_1242_2208_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005805083/ENG/ScreenShot_20211008143733251_1242_2208_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>TikTok Pte. Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>TikTok Pte. Ltd.</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Yen Jung Kim</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber/><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>