<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2024.11.09</modifyDate><createDate>2024.11.09</createDate><userId/><commentText>Some of the old features are gone which helped with my tracking</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>mara**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.11.04</modifyDate><createDate>2024.11.04</createDate><userId/><commentText>idiot app that's the second time suddenly said not available in your country/region</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>*****</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.10.25</modifyDate><createDate>2024.10.25</createDate><userId/><commentText>Can someone telle why this app is suddenly saying not available in my region?</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>*****</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.10.17</modifyDate><createDate>2024.10.17</createDate><userId/><commentText>I use this software to keep track of my period, but sometimes it doesn't respond when I enter my actual cycle. If I enter the cycle according to its incorrect cycle prediction, it will work, but how can a woman's cycle follow the predicted number of days every time?</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>cuil**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.10.01</modifyDate><createDate>2024.10.01</createDate><userId/><commentText>Ah getting error cannot connect to server 0x2C#10#100. I've tried all of the recommended solutions of logging out of the Samsung account, restarting computer, logging in from Samsung Health. No luck.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>em**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.10.01</modifyDate><createDate>2024.10.01</createDate><userId/><commentText>Bizarrely, Samsung refuse to implement kilojoules to measure intake...why have SI units for everything else, but refuse to do it here. Insane and very poor effort. Every other brand does it...I refuse to use this app until this basic functionality is implemented.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>long**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.09.27</modifyDate><createDate>2024.09.27</createDate><userId/><commentText>keeps crashing when trying ro look at energy screen from phone to watch so friggen annoying</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>cass**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.09.23</modifyDate><createDate>2024.09.23</createDate><userId/><commentText>Sending me notifications at 12:10am are you f#cking serious.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>samr**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.09.01</modifyDate><createDate>2024.09.01</createDate><userId/><commentText>My Galaxy 6 has never been able to track 'my sleep'</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>tedw**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.08.06</modifyDate><createDate>2024.08.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>Good app but doesnt reliably synch from phone to phone also doesnt link with other smart devices eg garmin watch.
Also ot used to give daily average BP which was what my Dr. Wanted now range.
All my data from my old lost device gone hasnt synched</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValueNumber><loginId>shar**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.08.03</modifyDate><createDate>2024.08.03</createDate><userId/><commentText>AGE index does not provide any information on what end of the scale is better.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>glen**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.08.02</modifyDate><createDate>2024.08.02</createDate><userId/><commentText>When I first started using it it was great,but now it's not giving accurate readings on distance and calories burnt,I do the same walk everyday you can't have that big of a discrepancy in the distance and calories burnt,NOT HAPPY😡</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>ange**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.29</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.29</createDate><userId/><commentText>It doesn't pick up steps or workouts correctly. There's no way to add it either. Please fix issue</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>csgo**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.25</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.25</createDate><userId/><commentText>For some reason it isn't tracking workouts correctly please fix this issue</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>juli**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.24</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.24</createDate><userId/><commentText>Used to love this on my A70, but step counter won't work on my new A55. Says "paused" but there is no option to unpause.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>kare**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.sec.android.app.shealth</appId><contentId>000003059550</contentId><contentName>Samsung Health</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Start healthy habits for yourself with Samsung Health

Samsung Health has various features to help you manage your health. As the app allows you to automatically record many activities, creating a healthy lifestyle is easier and simpler than ever

Check various health records on the home screen. Easily add and edit the items that you want to manage such as daily steps and activity time

Record and manage your fitness activities, such as running, cycling, swimming, etc. Also, Galaxy Watch wearables user can now exercise more effectively through Life Fitness, Technogym and Corehealth

Create healthy eating habits by recording your daily meals and snacks with Samsung Health

Work hard and always maintain your best condition with Samsung Health. Set goals that work for your own level, and keep track of your daily condition including your activity amount, workout intensity, heart rate, stress, oxygen level in the blood etc

Monitor your sleep patterns in more detail with Galaxy Watch. Make your mornings more refreshing by improving the quality of your sleep through sleep levels and sleep scores

Challenge yourself against your friends and family to become healthier in a more fun and interactive way with Samsung Health Together

Samsung Health has prepared videos of expert coaches who will teach you new fitness programs including stretching, weight loss, and more

Discover meditation tools on Mindfulness that will help you relieve stress throughout your day (Some contents are only available through an optional paid subscription. Content is available in English, German, Spanish, French, Portuguese and Korean)

Cycle tracking offers helpful support in menstrual cycle tracking, related symptom management and personalized insights and contents through your partner, Natural Cycles. The Galaxy and other wearables are now ready to support the women we love every step of their way

Samsung Health protects your private health data securely. All Samsung Galaxy models released after August 2016, Knox enabled Samsung Health service will be available. Please note that Knox enabled Samsung Health service will not be available from rooted mobile

Tablets and some mobile devices are not supported, and detailed features may vary depending on the user’s country of residence, region, network carrier, model of the device etc

Requires Android 10.0 or later. Supports over 70 languages, including English, French, and Chinese. An English language version is available for the rest of the world

Please note that Samsung Health is intended for fitness and wellness purposes only and is not intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease

The following permissions are required for the app service. For optional permissions, the default functionality of the service is turned on, but not allowed

Required permissions
- Phone : Used to confirm your phone number for Together

Optional permissions
- Location : Used to collect your location data using the trackers(exercises &amp; steps), Used to display a route map for exercise and to display the weather during exercise
- Body Sensors : Used to measure heart rate, oxygen saturation, and stress(limited to models with this sensor)
- Photo and video : You can import/export your exercise data, save exercise photos, save/load food photos
- Contacts : Used to check if you are logged into your Samsung account, and to create a friend list for Together
- Camera : Used to scan QR codes when you add friends using the Together, and to take photos of foods, and to recognize numbers on a blood glucose meter&amp;blood pressure monitor(Available in some countries only)
- Physical activity : Used to count your steps and to detect workouts
- Microphone : Used to record audio for snore detection
- Nearby devices : Used to scan for and connect to nearby devices, including Galaxy Watches and other accessories
- Notifications : Used to provide you with timely info</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>* Manage your daily wellness by your Energy Score and improve your energy with personalized tips. (Galaxy Watch4 and above, Wear OS 5)
* Set your health focus and get useful advice on how to achieve your personalized goals.
* AGEs index (Labs) gives you an indication of your metabolic health, which reflects your overall biological aging process and is strongly influenced by your diet and lifestyle. (Galaxy Watch7)
* Support the ability to share and retrieve health information, such as the number of steps, exercise, and sleep, among family numbers. (available when you create a family group in your Samsung account, only available in some countries)
* Various bug fixes and improvements applied.</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000003059550/IconImage_20241106082251653_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl>https://www.youtube.com/embed/5tPsT8B2Bfo?hd=1&amp;rel=0&amp;autohide=1&amp;showinfo=0&amp;wmode=transparent</youtubeUrl><youtubeImgUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003059550/IconImage_20241106082251653_NEW_WEB_YOUTUBE_FULL.jpg</youtubeImgUrl><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003059550/IconImage_20241106082251653_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValue><ratingNumber>4.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>6.28.2.003</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>224.12 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2024.11.06</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.sec.android.app.shealth?session_id=W_CA039F4F770F226D32184B1DD98B95F3&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>microphone</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1080x2160|1080x2160|1080x2160|1080x2160|1080x2160|1080x2160||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Start healthy habits for yourself with Samsung Health

Samsung Health has various features to help you manage your health. As the app allows you to automatically record many activities, creating a ...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Health - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.sec.android.app.shealth</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003059550/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082251653_1080_2160_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003059550/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082251653_1080_2160_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003059550/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082251653_1080_2160_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003059550/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082251653_1080_2160_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003059550/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082251653_1080_2160_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003059550/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082251653_1080_2160_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003059550/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082251653_1080_2160_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003059550/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082251653_1080_2160_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003059550/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082251653_1080_2160_320_5.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003059550/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082251653_1080_2160_5.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003059550/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082251653_1080_2160_320_6.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003059550/ENG/ScreenShot_20241106082251653_1080_2160_6.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>hongseob</firstName><lastName>shin</lastName><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>920</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>