<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.10</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.10</createDate><userId/><commentText>Why can't I uninstall this useless, intrusive application that I don't want on my phone. The same as that Apple thingy app that shouldn't be allowed that I never asked for &amp; can't get rid of. There are too many apps that shouldn't be preinstalled. I think it should be up to me what I decide to have on my device</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>bbly**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.11</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.10</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hello, customer. Sorry for your inconvenience.&#xd;
In Digital Wellbeing in Settings, More - If you turn off Do not allow information on usage information or Deny access to notifications through settings, notifications about Digital Wellbeing are not provided, and user patterns are not collected in the device. We recommend that you turn off that permission. We apologize for any inconvenience caused again.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>true</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode>00</registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValueNumber><loginId>Seller</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.04.21</modifyDate><createDate>2024.04.21</createDate><userId/><commentText>Want it gone</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>neme**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.04.22</modifyDate><createDate>2024.04.21</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hello, customer. Sorry for your inconvenience.&#xd;
In Digital Wellbeing in Settings, More - If you turn off Do not allow information on usage information or Deny access to notifications through settings, notifications about Digital Wellbeing are not provided, and user patterns are not collected in the device. We recommend that you turn off that permission. We apologize for any inconvenience caused again.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>true</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode>00</registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValueNumber><loginId>Seller</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.10.31</modifyDate><createDate>2023.10.31</createDate><userId/><commentText>Just want to delete this spyware</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>ivan**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.11.01</modifyDate><createDate>2023.10.31</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hello, We apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced with Digital Wellbeing. Digital Wellbeing is a service for monitoring the user's phone habits. Delete is limited to essential functions according to Google policy, and information can be deleted through 'Deny access to usage data' in the settings. In the case of auto update through the store, search for Digital Wellbeing in the Galaxy store and change the settings for automatic update in the upper right menu. We apologize for any inconvenience caused again.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>true</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode>00</registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValueNumber><loginId>Seller</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.09.14</modifyDate><createDate>2023.09.14</createDate><userId/><commentText>Do not want this. Did not ask for or agree to it. Protest about space being taken up by it.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>iain**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.09.14</modifyDate><createDate>2023.09.14</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hello, customer. We apologize for the inconvenience.&#xd;
As a required function according to Google policy, deletion is restricted, and it is possible to delete the app icon.&#xd;
We recommend that you manages the display on the Apps screen in More - Settings of Digital Wellbeing.&#xd;
You can also delete the collected information through 'Deny access to usage data' in the settings.&#xd;
Also, if you want to initialize it, you can initialize it by deleting the digital wellbeing data and cache in Settings > Applications, and data management is excluded until initial use/authorization is obtained. We apologize for any inconvenience caused again.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>true</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode>00</registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValueNumber><loginId>Seller</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.06.06</modifyDate><createDate>2023.06.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>Please stop filling my phone with malware/spyware. This is unconscionable</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>greg**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.06.07</modifyDate><createDate>2023.06.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hello, customer. We apologize for the inconvenience.&#xd;
As a required function according to Google policy, deletion is restricted, and it is possible to delete the app icon.&#xd;
We recommend that you manages the display on the Apps screen in More - Settings of Digital Wellbeing.&#xd;
You can also delete the collected information through 'Deny access to usage data' in the settings.&#xd;
Also, if you want to initialize it, you can initialize it by deleting the digital wellbeing data and cache in Settings > Applications, and data management is excluded until initial use/authorization is obtained.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>true</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode>00</registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValueNumber><loginId>Seller</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.04.03</modifyDate><createDate>2023.04.03</createDate><userId/><commentText>I didn't install this app. What's the point of giving a rating if you just get a standard reply. That's just condescending. Does anyone even read these reviews? HOW DO I REMOVE?</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>mela**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.04.05</modifyDate><createDate>2023.04.03</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hello, customer.&#xd;
Sorry for your inconvenience.&#xd;
As a required function according to Google policy, deletion is restricted, and it is possible to delete the app icon.&#xd;
We recommend that you manages the display on the Apps screen in More - Settings of Digital Wellbeing.&#xd;
Also, if you want to initialize it, you can initialize it by deleting the digital well-being data and cache in Settings > Applications, and data management is excluded until initial use/authorization is obtained. Thank you</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>true</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode>00</registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValueNumber><loginId>Seller</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.03.11</modifyDate><createDate>2023.03.11</createDate><userId/><commentText>Don't recall downloading this app</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>wend**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.03.12</modifyDate><createDate>2023.03.11</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hello, We apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced with Digital Wellbeing. Digital Wellbeing is a service for monitoring the user's phone habits. It does not collect personal information and data, and keeps and shows phone usage data (time of use, apps usage, etc.) only on the user's phone. To block notifications from the Weekly Report, you can block the notification by clicking on the Weekly Report in the upper right corner of the digital wellbeing app to enter the page and then selecting Block Notifications from the More menu. In addition, it is possible to delete and deactivate the related authority (allowing access to usage information) in the settings of digital wellbeing, and by selecting digital wellbeing in the settings - apps of the phone, it is possible to initialize it by deleting the data and cache of the storage. As a required function, deletion is restricted, and it is possible to delete the app icon. &#xd;
In the case of auto update through the store, search for Digital Wellbeing in the Galaxy store and change the settings for automatic update in the upper right menu. We apologize for any inconvenience caused again.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>true</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode>00</registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValueNumber><loginId>Seller</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.01.30</modifyDate><createDate>2023.01.30</createDate><userId/><commentText>Oroo</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>pete**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.forest</appId><contentId>000006108379</contentId><contentName>Digital Wellbeing</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>View the history of your device usage and use features to prevent your device from interfering with your life.
On the Settings screen, tap Digital Wellbeing and parental controls.


helps you better understand how you use your device, how much time you spend on different apps over time, how many times you unlock your device, and how many interruptive notifications you receive per each apps.


• Screen time
set goals for how much you use your device a day.

• App timers
limit the daily usage time for each app by setting a timer. When you reach the limit, the app will be deactivated and you cannot use it.

• Volume monitor
activate the volume monitor to protect your hearing. (This feature may not be shown on each device’s hardware specification.)

• Driving monitor
activate the driving monitor to monitor your apps' usage during driving.

• Walking monitor
activate the walking monitor to monitor the amount of time the product is used while walking.

• Focus mode
Activate Focus mode to avoid distractions from your device and stay focused on what you want. You can use the apps you allowed to be used in Focus mode. 
(Supported in the Modes and Routines menu, Android 13~)

• Bedtime mode
Turns the screen to grayscale to reduce eye strain before sleeping and triggers DND to prevent your sleep from being disturbed. 
(Supported in the Modes and Routines menu, Android 13~)

and more
• Weekly report
illustrates your last week's digital habits.

You can also set up parental controls for your children and manage their digital use.
• Parental controls
manage your children’s digital use.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>• Enhanced layout
The main screen of Digital Wellbeing has been redesigned, making it easier to find the information you need.
• More content in your weekly report
Your weekly usage report now lets you know about unusual usage patterns, your peak usage times, and how you balance your screen time.</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000006108379/IconImage_20240603065405580_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006108379/IconImage_20240603065405580_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValue><ratingNumber>4.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>5.1.02.8</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>18.39 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2024.06.03</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.forest?session_id=W_96F1955857F78FD7277495382804135E&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList/><screenshotRes>1080x2160|1080x2160|1080x2160|1080x2160||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>View the history of your device usage and use features to prevent your device from interfering with your life.
On the Settings screen, tap Digital Wellbeing and parental controls.


helps you bette...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Digital Wellbeing - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.forest</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006108379/ENG/ScreenShot_20240603065405580_1080_2160_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006108379/ENG/ScreenShot_20240603065405580_1080_2160_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006108379/ENG/ScreenShot_20240603065405580_1080_2160_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006108379/ENG/ScreenShot_20240603065405580_1080_2160_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006108379/ENG/ScreenShot_20240603065405580_1080_2160_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006108379/ENG/ScreenShot_20240603065405580_1080_2160_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006108379/ENG/ScreenShot_20240603065405580_1080_2160_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006108379/ENG/ScreenShot_20240603065405580_1080_2160_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Kim Changsik</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>34</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>