<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2024.04.04</modifyDate><createDate>2024.04.04</createDate><userId/><commentText>Right back at you Rob. It comes up as a hidden device on my phone and I don't recall ever installing it. But if you look down the bottom, closely at the details. The creator doesn't just stop at samsung.. scapegoat for eavesdropping for marketing purposes again?
I'd be weary to email incase in opened up a hacking vulnerability if it already hasn't.
I'd like to know how it was installed if I didnt as I barely think to use gallery for apps.. 
I'd Give 0 if I could.
There's also another app which reads very similar and quite a few commented of being hacked and unable to Uninstall... hmm... how is it samsung has not addressed this?</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>kell**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.03.19</modifyDate><createDate>2024.03.19</createDate><userId/><commentText>https://apps.samsung.com/appquery/appDetail.as?appId=com.samsung.android.app.networkstoragemanager&amp;cId=000007002199</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>mega**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.06.08</modifyDate><createDate>2024.02.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>Update: can't report as inappropriate unless i've paid $ WTF Samsung

UPDATE: Not the Stars... it's getting DELETED - june 8 2024

Disappointed at the lack of details &amp; how no reviews are visible!  Makes me doubt the intent of the app or if it's safe to install.  Regardless, I have no idea what the app does or how to use it.  Uninstalling most apps that appear useless or suspicious; and this app is likely to be banished .  Tell me; what are the consequences of having Microsoft Account &amp; Samsung account both sharing the same cloud storage ie. Microsoft OneDrive?  Then having it cross into my Google Account which also is linked to my Samsung Account?  I don't trust that my personal information is safe as a result!  Surely 2 rivals like Google &amp; Microsoft having access to the same info will never serve me any purpose, where as the 2 companies &amp; the drive for profits with the greed &amp; lack of transparent morals is &amp; will only mean we the consumer will NEVER have our choices adhered too!</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>rsjp**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.app.networkstoragemanager</appId><contentId>000007002199</contentId><contentName>Network storage</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>You can connect to cloud storage as well as server storage.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl/><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL/><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>12.2.01.281</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>7.71 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2024.03.11</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.app.networkstoragemanager?session_id=W_55253D81F4F280028A1B6DFB53833B36&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>|||||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>You can connect to cloud storage as well as server storage.</page_meta_desc><page_title>Network storage - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.app.networkstoragemanager</appId><Screenshot><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>주현범</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>3</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>