<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.handmark.expressweather</appId><contentId>000007236831</contentId><contentName>1Weather</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Live Radar online with 25+ layers
12 Weeks Extended Forecast


No weather surprises! Plan your day, week or even predict climate changes with our extended forecasts.
10+ Beautiful Customizable Widgets

Track weather right from your homescreen with our beautiful widgets.
48 hours Detailed Forecast

Get an hour by hour forecast from innumerable weather stations to know if you need that light jacket or not

Hourly Chances of Rain

Never let Rain catch you by surprise-know when to take that umbrella on rainy days.

Hyperlocal Severe Weather Warnings

We care for your safety. Any severe weather alerts are delivered in Realtime.

UV Rating, Dew Point, Visibility Info, Humidity, Wind speed and Atmospheric Pressure

15+ weather data points help you get all the weather information you need.
Sun and Moon Tracker

Get sunset, sunrise, moon-rise, moon phases and more.

1Weather TV–Local Forecast Videos

Get regional, national and city weather forecast in HD quality videos. Be up to date on the live season and climate news.
Trending Weather Updates

Know about the latest weather news, events, wildfires, hurricanes, hail and more.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>•Re-architecture of the legacy app code making the app experience smooth, improving load time by 200%, reducing crashes &amp; ANRs by 300% &amp; significant improvement in memory utilization as well
•Launched industry best radar feature, which automatically detects NWS alerts &amp; nearest active tropical cyclone path with multiple configurations to control the default behavior during Hurricane season &amp; severe weather cases (Active NWS alerts)
•Reduced the number of background API calls to a maximum of 4 in 24 hours when the app is not setup by the user to become compliant of TMO requirement
•New privacy policy section in app menu with CPRA compliance changes which makes it easy for the user to various opt-outs.
•We’ve fixed location permissions across widgets and sticky notifications such that locations will be seamlessly updated in the background.
•Introduced notification permission dialog for users who had them disabled, especially for Android 13 and above users.
•Simplified adding widget for users who do not have any widgets placed by adding nudges inside the app, hence increasing app usage surfaces
•We have added two new dynamic variants to the ‘Tap to configure’ widgets which would improve the engagement of Tracfone users who have never setup their widget.
•Updated OSS licenses in About section of the app reviewing with Fossology tool.
•Users can now control the notification opt-outs for different categories from the settings menu inside the app.
•Monetization changes - introduced an in-house app download module, ad slot changes on shorts &amp; video section, added weather games which are currently in a disabled state.

BUG FIXES
• Fixed multiple radar bugs around slow loading time, infinite time loop caused due to auth token expiration &amp; configurability of each layer
• Fixes on the app download module and removal from ongoing notification to reduce number of API calls
• Ads refresh issue resolved to make the app experience less intrusive
• Fixed the bugs on the 1x1 widget so it's all shiny and new</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000007236831/IconImage_20240419091115016_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Tracfone Wireless sponsored by Taboola News</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Tracfone Wireless sponsored by Taboola News</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007236831/IconImage_20240419091115016_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>6.0.3.1</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>76.94 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy>https://m.tracfonewirelessinc.com/en/Privacy+Policy/</sellerPrivatePolicy><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2024.04.19</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.handmark.expressweather?session_id=W_0C1CF382DCC0A168D500438F0EE69D64&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>720x1280|720x1280|720x1280|720x1280||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Live Radar online with 25+ layers
12 Weeks Extended Forecast


No weather surprises! Plan your day, week or even predict climate changes with our extended forecasts.
10+ Beautiful Customizable Widg...</page_meta_desc><page_title>1Weather - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.handmark.expressweather</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007236831/ENG/ScreenShot_20240419091115016_720_1280_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007236831/ENG/ScreenShot_20240419091115016_720_1280_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007236831/ENG/ScreenShot_20240419091115016_720_1280_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007236831/ENG/ScreenShot_20240419091115016_720_1280_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007236831/ENG/ScreenShot_20240419091115016_720_1280_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007236831/ENG/ScreenShot_20240419091115016_720_1280_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007236831/ENG/ScreenShot_20240419091115016_720_1280_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007236831/ENG/ScreenShot_20240419091115016_720_1280_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Tracfone Wireless sponsored by Taboola News</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>RAJAT GUPTA</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>