<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.jobandtalent.android</appId><contentId>000002282228</contentId><contentName>jobandtalent</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Jobandtalent is a free job search app that instantly matches employers with job seekers, and takes care of the entire hiring process from beginning to end. Looking for a job? Download it now to find the right job in minutes! Looking for employees? Use our app to hire the right talent, minus the hassle.&#xd;
WHY USE JOBANDTALENT?&#xd;
&#xd;
+ IT’S FAST, EASY &amp; FREE: Gone are the days of endless job hunting. Now we do all the hard work for you, and find the most suitable jobs for your profile in minutes! You can apply in a single swipe. No time-consuming forms and zero hassle.&#xd;
&#xd;
+ YOU CAN FORGET ABOUT THE ADMIN STUFF! At Jobandtalent we handle the entire recruitment and hiring process from beginning to end. From making an offer, to arranging the contract and paperwork, to ongoing payroll; you can leave it to us!&#xd;
&#xd;
&#xd;
FIND A JOB IN MINUTES:&#xd;
&#xd;
Jobandtalent is perfect for people who are looking for jobs in their area, and looking to change jobs quickly. Forget spending hours and hours job hunting. Now the jobs find you!&#xd;
&#xd;
+ GET A JOB NEAR YOU: When you sign up for Jobandtalent, we look for jobs in your area that match your experience and interests. Our unique algorithm learns from your profile to constantly improve the jobs that are recommended for you.&#xd;
&#xd;
+ ACCESS THOUSANDS OF OPENINGS: Sales assistants, waiters, chefs, hairdressers… The roles and job opportunities available in our app are endless! Over 1,500 companies are posting new jobs on our app everyday so, if there wasn’t something for you today, there will be tomorrow!&#xd;
&#xd;
+ CHAT DIRECTLY WITH EMPLOYERS: Have questions about a job? Want to arrange an interview? Both companies and candidates can start conversations and chat directly in the Jobandtalent app about the job posted.&#xd;
&#xd;
+ FORGET ABOUT PAPERWORK: Accept job offers, sign contracts and review your timesheets, all from our app! We take care of all the boring admin stuff so you don’t have to.&#xd;
&#xd;
Itching to start the job hunt? Download the Jobandtalent app!&#xd;
&#xd;
HIRE THE RIGHT EMPLOYEES:&#xd;
&#xd;
+ LIST YOUR JOB OFFERS, FREE! With the Jobandtalent app you can publish your job openings from anywhere, at any time and always for free.&#xd;
&#xd;
+ HIRE FAST: Have an event in your restaurant and urgently need waiters? Need to add new people to your store staff? Find the right candidate in minutes and chat with them through our app. You’ll can hire your new employees in (almost) a single click.&#xd;
&#xd;
+ FIND THE RIGHT TALENT: Every time you post a job opening, we find and show you the candidates that best match your needs. We do the screening process for you, speeding up the hiring process significantly.&#xd;
&#xd;
+ HIRE WITHOUT THE HASSLE: Forget about complex paperwork and hiring processes. We take care of contracts, paperwork, taxes, payroll, everything! All you have to do is click and hire!&#xd;
&#xd;
So what are you waiting for? Download the Jobandtalent app now to start hiring!&#xd;
&#xd;
Have any suggestions or questions about the Jobandtalent app? Not sure how to publish your first job? How to apply for a job? No problemo, just write to us at app.support@jobandtalent.com&#xd;
&#xd;
https://www.facebook.com/jobandtalentuk/?brand_redir=75494947264&#xd;
https://twitter.com/jobandtalentuk?lang=en-g</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000002282228/IconImage_20170117103530208_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002282228/IconImage_20170117103530208_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>3.1.1</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>15.31 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2017.01.18</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.jobandtalent.android?session_id=W_58C93294E70F66EB48AFC87B18657C8A&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>512x512|512x512|512x512|512x512</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Jobandtalent is a free job search app that instantly matches employers with job seekers, and takes care of the entire hiring process from beginning to end. Looking for a job? Download it now to fin...</page_meta_desc><page_title>jobandtalent - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.jobandtalent.android</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002282228/ENG/ScreenShot_20170117103530208_512_512_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002282228/ENG/ScreenShot_20170117103530208_512_512_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002282228/ENG/ScreenShot_20170117103530208_512_512_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002282228/ENG/ScreenShot_20170117103530208_512_512_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002282228/ENG/ScreenShot_20170117103530208_512_512_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002282228/ENG/ScreenShot_20170117103530208_512_512_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002282228/ENG/ScreenShot_20170117103530208_512_512_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002282228/ENG/ScreenShot_20170117103530208_512_512_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Adroaldo Lazouriano Moreira Borges</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>