<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.samsungpay.gear</appId><contentId>000003382895</contentId><contentName>Samsung Pay (Watch plug-in) Australia KK_L_EOS</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>This Samsung Pay companion app is used to manage Samsung Pay on the Gear S3 &amp; S2. It is accessed from a menu in the Samsung Gear manager app and provides the User Interface to assist with card management and notification settings, and to access your Terms of Use and transaction history. 
________________
Legal Disclaimer:
Samsung Pay on Gear does not have full Samsung Pay functionality and requires a periodic connection to a compatible mobile device. See the Service Notice below for more details. 
By activating and/or using Samsung Pay on your Gear smartwatch, you acknowledge and agree to the Samsung Service Terms and Conditions (https://account.samsung.com/membership/terms) and the Samsung Pay Terms of Service (https://account.samsung.com/membership/etc/specialTC.do?fileName=samsungpay.html) 
________________

Samsung Pay on Gear is now available to use
Samsung Pay on Gear gives you the convenience to pay without pulling out your phone or wallet. Once Samsung Pay on your Gear is activated simply press and hold the back key on your Gear to launch Samsung Pay, select your compatible card, and pay by holding your Gear near the MST or NFC terminal where you would typically tap your card.
•	Gear S3 Samsung Pay on Gear S3 is compatible with NFC readers and with magnetic strip readers (MST).
 
•	Gear S2 (NFC Only). Samsung Pay on Gear S2 is only compatible with NFC readers. It is not available for use with magnetic strip readers.


Secure and Private
Samsung Pay on Gear helps protect your card information with the same advanced security as Samsung Pay on your Galaxy phone, using tokenization, KNOX and PIN protection. 
If you lose your phone or Gear smartwatch, you can remotely lock or erase your payment cards using the ‘Samsung Find My Mobile Service’. 
Service Notice
Samsung Pay on Gear does not support all functionality provided in Samsung Pay for smartphones. Here are the key differences:

•	Eligible Devices. Samsung Pay on Gear is only offered to users with Bluetooth Gear device synced with Samsung smartphones (i.e. S7, S7 edge, S6, S6 edge, S6 edge+, S5, Note5 and Note 4), and non-Samsung smartphones with Android OS 4.4 and above

•	Compatible Banks and Credit Cards. Samsung Pay has currently partnered with Citibank consumer credit cards and corporate credit cards. We are constantly trying to add new financial partners to support Samsung Pay. A detailed list of supported credit cards that are compatible with Samsung Pay in Australia can be found at:
https://www.samsung.com/au/apps/samsungpay



Feedback
We appreciate your interest in using the Samsung Pay on Gear and helping us craft the best experience possible. As we evaluate the potential of continuing this service, any consumer feedback is welcome and can be sent to:  http://www.samsung.com/au/support/ . 
Any feedback you send to Samsung, electronically or otherwise, is and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, unless otherwise stated in the Samsung Pay
http://www.samsung.com/au/apps/samsungpay/).
 
More information
Customer support page: http://www.samsung.com/au/apps/samsungpay/</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000003382895/IconImage_20180813003044132_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Australia Pty Ltd</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Australia Pty Ltd</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003382895/IconImage_20180813003044132_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>1.7.3006</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>31.5 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2018.08.23</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.samsungpay.gear?session_id=W_84C04D964439A073CD9C99543EB866CC&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>sms</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>This Samsung Pay companion app is used to manage Samsung Pay on the Gear S3 &amp; S2. It is accessed from a menu in the Samsung Gear manager app and provides the User Interface to assist with card mana...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Pay (Watch plug-in) Australia KK_L_EOS - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.samsungpay.gear</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003382895/ENG/ScreenShot_20180813003044132_1440_2560_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003382895/ENG/ScreenShot_20180813003044132_1440_2560_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003382895/ENG/ScreenShot_20180813003044132_1440_2560_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003382895/ENG/ScreenShot_20180813003044132_1440_2560_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003382895/ENG/ScreenShot_20180813003044132_1440_2560_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003382895/ENG/ScreenShot_20180813003044132_1440_2560_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003382895/ENG/ScreenShot_20180813003044132_1440_2560_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003382895/ENG/ScreenShot_20180813003044132_1440_2560_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>.</sellerTradeName><representation>.</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>주민호</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber/><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>