<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.bonial.kaufda</appId><contentId>000006617950</contentId><contentName>kaufDA - Leaflets &amp; Flyer</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Deal discovery at its finest with kaufDA. Wield true savings power on your mobile device with our deals app. Save big on grocery, fashion or electronics with the latest weekly ads. Browse what’s on discount and set up alerts for your favorite products and stores! Make shopping smooth &amp; easy with the ultimate deals app: always stay a step ahead in the savings game.

✔ Swipe easily through weekly ads and local deals in your area
✔ All your favorite retailers in one app: Aldi, Media Markt, C&amp;A, Lidl, Norma, Penny, Tedi, Globus Baumarkt, XXL Lutz, Tchibo, Kaufland oder Netto.
✔ Instant in-store savings at checkout with the brand new loyalty card feature
✔ Get notified about deals and coupons from your favorite retailers
✔ Easily create shopping and grocery lists. kaufDA automatically connects your items with the latest discounts and weekly deals in your area
✔ Get all store details such as opening times, telephone numbers and the fastest route to your favorite stores
✔ Save time, save money and save the environment by cancelling your paper catalogs and ads

★ DEALS, DISCOUNTS AND CIRCULARS FOR ALL YOUR SHOPPING NEEDS ★


Be the first to know about all the latest ads, deals, and sales near you. kaufDA is your all-in-one shopping and coupons app that helps you find all the best deals, weekly ads and in-store promotions in one convenient place. Whether you’re searching for trusted food brands at Globus Supermarkt, EDEKA, diska or Kaufland, healthy products at Bio Company, hot sales from Netto, Aldi or Lidl, fashionable fabrics at H&amp;M, TK Maxx or kik, or affordable furnitures from Höffner, kaufDA has everything you need. You’ll scan your loyalty cards from your phone at the checkout, discover nearby supermarket deals, and track the latest offers sales at the stores you love, from the mall to Rossmann. Making a large purchase? Don’t throw away cash when you can save! Check kaufDA for the latest sale on electronics at mobilcom debitel, Saturn, Media Markt or Cyperport, sporting goods from Karstadt Sports or Decathlon, or appliances at Conrad! Make the most out of shopping by browsing in-store deals on the kaufDA app.

★ PERSONALIZE YOUR SHOPPING ★

Personalize your shopping trips by setting deal alerts for only the products and stores you care about. kaufDA isn’t just a circulars app. It also helps you organize all the deals and bargains before you shop, saving you time and energy. Create smart shopping lists and view deals immediately from retailers like Woolworth, Zimmermann, Real, Rewe, dm drogerie markt, Deichmann and Kaufland. Target your item search to instantly save on groceries or products on sale from Aldi Nord, Aldi Süd, Toy'R'Us and more! Set up alerts for your favorite stores and get notified as soon as their new ads go live.

♥ WRITE TO US! ♥

Love deals? Us too. We’re constantly working to improve our app and appreciate your feedback! Please send your comments and ideas to: android@kaufda.de</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000006617950/IconImage_20230109072610176_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Bonial.com</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Bonial.com</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006617950/IconImage_20230109072610176_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>22.25.1</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>21.49 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2023.01.09</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.bonial.kaufda?session_id=W_E796EED7729F28F5B4F561A5FA7FCC7C&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>438x783|440x784|441x783|597x1063||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Deal discovery at its finest with kaufDA. Wield true savings power on your mobile device with our deals app. Save big on grocery, fashion or electronics with the latest weekly ads. Browse what’s on...</page_meta_desc><page_title>kaufDA - Leaflets &amp; Flyer - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.bonial.kaufda</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006617950/ENG/ScreenShot_20230109072610176_441_783_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006617950/ENG/ScreenShot_20230109072610176_441_783_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006617950/ENG/ScreenShot_20230109072610176_440_784_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006617950/ENG/ScreenShot_20230109072610176_440_784_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006617950/ENG/ScreenShot_20230109072610176_438_783_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006617950/ENG/ScreenShot_20230109072610176_438_783_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006617950/ENG/ScreenShot_20230109072610176_597_1063_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006617950/ENG/ScreenShot_20230109072610176_597_1063_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Bonial International GmbH</sellerTradeName><representation>Christoph Eck-Schmidt</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Francis</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber/><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>