<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.accessory</appId><contentId>000001523682</contentId><contentName>Samsung Accessory Service</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Samsung Accessory Service provides a stable environment in which you can use a variety features by connecting accessories to your mobile device.
This service is compatible with various connectivity environments, and it makes using accessories with your mobile device efficient and convenient via manager applications.
(e.g. Galaxy Wearable.)

Samsung Accessory Service can be used with the following accessories when connected with a mobile device.
- GALAXY Gear, Gear 2, Gear S Series, Galaxy Watch Series
- Samsung Gear Fit 2, Gear Fit2 Pro
- Galaxy Fit Series

Samsung Accessory Service provides the following features for accessories and a mobile device.
- Connection and sending/receiving data
- File transfer

The following permission is required for the app service. 
[Required permissions] 
- Storage : It is required to transfer media files to accessory device.

If your system software version is lower than Android 6.0, please update the software to configure App permissions.
Previously allowed permissions can be reset on Apps menu in device settings after software update.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl/><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL/><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>3.1.96.50315</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>12.73 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2024.05.14</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.accessory?session_id=W_4BDCC2323D2FE5466FA5ECCEE9AB1719&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>|||||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Samsung Accessory Service provides a stable environment in which you can use a variety features by connecting accessories to your mobile device.
This service is compatible with various connectivity...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Accessory Service - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.accessory</appId><Screenshot><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Sujeong</firstName><lastName>Yoon</lastName><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>