<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2016.09.13</modifyDate><createDate>2016.09.13</createDate><userId/><commentText>Good possibility. 

Please enable notifications for all apps, wallpaper change and status bar hidden option. 

Thanks</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValueNumber><loginId>uggi**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2016.09.19</modifyDate><createDate>2016.09.13</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hello Customer, &#xd;
Thank you for your feedback. &#xd;
We have a update plan to support notifications for app apps.&#xd;
And we'll deliver your "Change wallpaper" &amp; "Statusbar hidden option" idea to our dev team.&#xd;
We will do our best to provide the better service. &#xd;
If you have any suggestions on GameBox Launcher, please let us know via gamebox@samsung.com&#xd;
We do appreciate any comments and suggestions that help improve GameBox Launcher</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>true</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode>00</registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValueNumber><loginId>Seller</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.game.gamebox</appId><contentId>000001727241</contentId><contentName>GameBox Launcher beta</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>[Updated contents of 0.7.4605]
change game discovery

[Updated contents of 0.7.4527]
add share feature

[Updated contents of 0.7.4462]
fixed bugs

[Updated contents of 0.7.4376]
support S8 +

[Updated contents of 0.7.4371]

1. Extension device of support increment !! - You can also find gamebox on non-Galaxy devices.
2. Fantastic user customization! - Change the location and size of the tiles to make it even more beautiful!
3. Added wallpaper change function - Now you can decorate your wallpaper with your favorite pictures.
4. Add extended tiles for general apps - Notification tiles and general app tiles make it easier to use your phone.
5. Support widget multi page and general app add-in


GameBox Launcher takes the gaming experience to a whole new level for enthusiastic gamers with Galaxy smartphones.

Check all your installed games in one place, customize cover images, and find information about games fast.

If you want to use your smartphone like a game console, try GameBox Launcher.
It makes running GameTuner and GameTools a lot easier too.

Key Features:
1. Give your smartphone a total makeover. 
 - This game console-like default launcher has outstanding usability.
2. Collectively manage your games in one place. 
 - Now you can find and run your games more quickly.
3. Your games, your design. 
 - Customize cover images to complete a collection of your own.
4. Read up-to-date information all in one spot. 
 - You can now access game-related bookmarks and YouTube channels more easily.
5. Customize your gaming environment easily. 
 - Adjust the game settings according to the performance of your smartphone, and create your own gaming environment.
6. See the most popular games in the smart launcher.
 - Check out popular games and newly released titles every day.
7. Follow daily updates to the game charts.
 - Find out what's happening in 5 different chart catagories, including Samsung smartphone user votes.
8. Keep up with unmissable game events.
 - Now the home screen only displays game-related notifications.
9. Basic features are still supported.
 - An awesome widget and easy-to-use apps will always be included.

* How to change the default launcher
Go to Settings -> Applications -> Default applications -> Home screen, 
and change the current home screen to the desired home screen.
(TouchWiz Home is the default launcher for Samsung smartphones.)

* Supported devices (It'll be updated continuously.)
Android devices running over the Lolipop. (Some devices may not be supported.)

The following permissions are required for the app service. For optional permissions, the default functionality of the service is turned on, but not allowed. 

[Required permissions] 
- Storage : Purpose for storing and using coverimages for each application
[Optional permissions]
- Contacts : Purpose of providing services that need to be linked with registered google account information</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000001727241/IconImage_20170721083247123_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001727241/IconImage_20170721083247123_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValue><ratingNumber>4.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>0.7.4605</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>27.45 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2017.12.19</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.game.gamebox?session_id=W_9AFE9630A6B45BF3EFC8BD21201B4C59&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><screenshotRes/><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>[Updated contents of 0.7.4605]
change game discovery

[Updated contents of 0.7.4527]
add share feature

[Updated contents of 0.7.4462]
fixed bugs

[Updated contents of 0.7.4376]
support S8 +

[Upda...</page_meta_desc><page_title>GameBox Launcher beta - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.game.gamebox</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001727241/ENG/ScreenShot_20170721083247123_475_845_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001727241/ENG/ScreenShot_20170721083247123_475_845_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001727241/ENG/ScreenShot_20170721083247123_475_845_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001727241/ENG/ScreenShot_20170721083247123_475_845_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001727241/ENG/ScreenShot_20170721083247123_475_845_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001727241/ENG/ScreenShot_20170721083247123_475_845_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001727241/ENG/ScreenShot_20170721083247123_475_845_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000001727241/ENG/ScreenShot_20170721083247123_475_845_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Game Recorder+</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>2</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>