<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.tapack.fingerprint</appId><contentId>000004574241</contentId><contentName>[Beyond1/2, D2X, D1X][KOR] Fingerprint</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription/><contentNewDescription>This a software patch related to fingerprint recognition.\n
\n
1. About this issue\n
\n
If you've used a screen cover, such as a silicone cover, with a textured surface on the inside, the texture itself may be recognized as a fingerprint that can unlock your phone.\n
\n
2. Update instructions\n
\n
All users should tap Update below, then restart the phone once the update is complete. Additionally, if you've registered or scanned your fingerprint with a screen cover on your phone, remove all of your fingerprints and register them again without using a screen cover.\n
\n
3. Notes\n
\n
Make sure that there's no screen cover when you register a fingerprint. You may not be able to register or scan your fingerprints if you use a screen cover. We recommend that you don't use a screen cover, especially any screen cover with a textured surface on the inside. \n
\n
When registering, scan your fingerprint in its entirety, including all corners.\n
\n
Contact Samsung Customer Support if you have any questions or concerns.</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl/><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL/><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>2.0.24.20</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>4.42 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2019.10.24</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.tapack.fingerprint?session_id=W_3A5A4A5D41F98041FB2F404E4F4B56EB&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><screenshotRes>|||||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc></page_meta_desc><page_title>[Beyond1/2, D2X, D1X][KOR] Fingerprint - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.tapack.fingerprint</appId><Screenshot><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>최인명</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>