<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.samsungpay.gear</appId><contentId>000002678665</contentId><contentName>Samsung Pay (Watch plug-in) Switzerland</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>This Samsung Pay companion app is used to manage Samsung Pay on the Gear S3. It is accessed from a menu in the Samsung Gear manager app and provides the User Interface to assist with card management and notification settings, and to access your Terms of Use and transaction history on your Gear S3. 
________________ 
Legal Disclaimer. The Samsung Pay on Gear does not have full Samsung Pay functionality. See the Service Notice below for more details. By activating and/or using Samsung Pay on your Gear, you acknowledge and agree to these conditions of use which supplement your Samsung Pay Terms of Service(https://account.samsung.com/membership/terms) 
________________ 

Samsung Pay on Gear is now available to use 
Samsung Pay on Gear S3 gives you the convenience to pay without pulling out your phone or wallet. Once Samsung Pay on your Gear S3 is activated simply press and hold the back key on your Gear S3 to launch Samsung Pay, select your card, and pay by holding your Gear S3 near the MST or NFC terminal where you would typically tap your card. Samsung Pay on Gear supports both MST (Magnetic Secure Transmission) and NFC (Near Field Communication) payment technologies. 

Secure and Private 
Samsung Pay on Gear S3 protects your card information with the same advanced security as Samsung Pay on your Galaxy phone, using tokenization, KNOX and PIN protection. 
If you lose your Gear S3, you can remotely lock or erase your payment cards in Samsung Pay on Gear S3 using the ‘Samsung Find My Mobile’ service. 

Compatible Banks and Credit Cards 
Supported credit cards that are compatible with Samsung Pay in Switzerland can be found at: http://www.samsung.com/ch/samsung-pay/

Service Notice 
Samsung Pay on Gear S3 does not support all functionality available on Samsung Pay for smartphones. Here are the key differences: 

? Eligible Devices. Samsung Pay on Gear S3 is only offered to users with Bluetooth®-enabled Gear device synced with compatible Samsung smartphones, or non-Samsung smartphones with Android OS 4.4 and above, with Samsung Gear app installed on the smartphone. 

? Carriers. Certain features of Samsung Pay on Gear may require Bluetooth connectivity with compatible smartphone and network connectivity of the connected smartphone. 


Feedback 
We appreciate your interest in using the Samsung Pay on Gear and helping us craft the best experience possible. As we evaluate the potential of continuing this service, any consumer feedback is welcome and can be sent to: http://www.samsung.com/ch/info/contactus/

More information 
Customer support page: http://www.samsung.com/ch/samsung-pay/</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000002678665/IconImage_20170713233123463_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Switzerland GmbH</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Switzerland GmbH</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002678665/IconImage_20170713233123463_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>1.7.3006</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>31.5 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2018.08.17</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.samsungpay.gear?session_id=W_588E307355BB7CEC2E5A807A3B675512&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>sms</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes/><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>This Samsung Pay companion app is used to manage Samsung Pay on the Gear S3. It is accessed from a menu in the Samsung Gear manager app and provides the User Interface to assist with card managemen...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Pay (Watch plug-in) Switzerland - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.samsungpay.gear</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002678665/ENG/ScreenShot_20170713233123463_1440_2560_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002678665/ENG/ScreenShot_20170713233123463_1440_2560_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002678665/ENG/ScreenShot_20170713233123463_1440_2560_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002678665/ENG/ScreenShot_20170713233123463_1440_2560_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002678665/ENG/ScreenShot_20170713233123463_1440_2560_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002678665/ENG/ScreenShot_20170713233123463_1440_2560_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002678665/ENG/ScreenShot_20170713233123463_1440_2560_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002678665/ENG/ScreenShot_20170713233123463_1440_2560_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>.</sellerTradeName><representation>.</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>주민호</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber/><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>