<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.samsungpay.gear</appId><contentId>000007106870</contentId><contentName>Samsung Pay (Watch plugin)</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>This Samsung Pay companion app is used to manage Samsung Pay on the Gear S2. It is accessed from a menu in the Samsung Gear manager app and provides the User Interface to assist with card management and notification settings, and to access your Terms of Use and transaction history. 
________________

Legal Disclaimer. The Samsung Pay on Gear S2 Beta does not have full Samsung Pay functionality. See the Service Notice below for more details. By activating and/or using Samsung Pay on your Gear S2, you acknowledge and agree to these conditions of use which supplement your Samsung Pay Terms of Service(https://account.samsung.com/membership/etc/specialTC.do?fileName=samsungpay.html)
________________

Samsung Pay on Gear S2 Beta is now available to use
Samsung Pay on Gear S2 Beta gives you the convenience to pay without pulling out your phone or wallet. Once Samsung Pay on your Gear S2 is activated simply press and hold the back key on your Gear S2 to launch Samsung Pay, select your card, and pay by holding your Gear S2 near the NFC terminal where you would typically tap your card.

Samsung Pay on Gear S2 Beta protects your card information with the same advanced security as Samsung Pay on your Galaxy phone, using tokenization, KNOX and PIN protection.

Service Notice
Samsung Pay on Gear S2 Beta does not support all functionality provided in Samsung Pay for smartphones. Here are the key differences:

•	NFC Only. Samsung Pay on Gear S2 Beta is only compatible with NFC readers. It is not available for use with magnetic strip readers.

•	Eligible Devices. Samsung Pay on Gear S2 Beta is only offered to users with Bluetooth Gear S2 device synced with Samsung smartphones with Android OS 5.0 and above (i.e. S7, S7 edge, S6, S6 edge, S6 edge+, S5, Note5 and Note 4). Please check the website for full list: http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/app/samsung-pay-gear.

•	Compatible Banks and Credit Cards. Supports American Express, Bank of America, Chase, Citibank, PNC Bank, U.S. Bank, Wells Fargo – and more. We are constantly adding new financial partners to support Samsung Pay. A detailed list of supported credit and debit cards that are compatible with Samsung Pay can be found at: http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/app/samsung-pay-gear

•	Gift Cards and Loyalty Cards. Gift Cards and Loyalty Cards are not currently supported via the Samsung Pay on Gear S2 Beta. 

•	Carriers. Samsung Pay on Gear S2 is not currently compatible with any mobile network carriers.



Feedback
We appreciate your interest in using the Samsung Pay on Gear S2 Beta and helping us craft the best experience possible. As we evaluate the potential of continuing this service, any consumer feedback is welcome and can be sent to: https://us.community.samsung.com/. Any feedback you send to Samsung, electronically or otherwise, is and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, unless otherwise stated in the Samsung Pay Privacy Policy(https://usa.visa.com/legal/privacy-policy.html).
 
More information
Customer support page: http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/app/samsung-pay-gear

*Legal Disclaimer: You understand and agree that the Samsung Pay on Gear 2 Beta is still in development, may have bugs or errors, may be feature incomplete, may materially change prior to full commercial launch, or may never be released commercially. Any use of or reliance on beta features or services is done at Your own risk and is provided as is and without warranty of any kind.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000007106870/IconImage_20240813060432130_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007106870/IconImage_20240813060432130_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>5.1.30.25306</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>33.99 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2024.08.13</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.samsungpay.gear?session_id=W_EF4B37860C6324B0F0BEBC1CAF943FA9&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>sms</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>This Samsung Pay companion app is used to manage Samsung Pay on the Gear S2. It is accessed from a menu in the Samsung Gear manager app and provides the User Interface to assist with card managemen...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Pay (Watch plugin) - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.samsungpay.gear</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007106870/ENG/ScreenShot_20240813060432130_1440_2560_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007106870/ENG/ScreenShot_20240813060432130_1440_2560_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007106870/ENG/ScreenShot_20240813060432130_1440_2560_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007106870/ENG/ScreenShot_20240813060432130_1440_2560_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007106870/ENG/ScreenShot_20240813060432130_1440_2560_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007106870/ENG/ScreenShot_20240813060432130_1440_2560_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007106870/ENG/ScreenShot_20240813060432130_1440_2560_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007106870/ENG/ScreenShot_20240813060432130_1440_2560_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>tingda chen</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>