<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2024.11.24</modifyDate><createDate>2024.11.24</createDate><userId/><commentText>Cool</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>pras**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.11.07</modifyDate><createDate>2024.11.07</createDate><userId/><commentText>Update removed all my smart tags!!!</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>kiwi**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.11.06</modifyDate><createDate>2024.11.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>Great program</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>patr**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.10.20</modifyDate><createDate>2024.10.20</createDate><userId/><commentText>Even after sharing location on both the devices, it keeps on saying that couldn't get location.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>rpnd**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.09.24</modifyDate><createDate>2024.09.24</createDate><userId/><commentText>Keep getting notification watch been left behind even though I never left my home and also my home is tagged as safe place. Also, why is there 2 apps? This and smartthings find?????</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>weyc**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.09.03</modifyDate><createDate>2024.09.03</createDate><userId/><commentText>Kinda cool</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>epic**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.08.26</modifyDate><createDate>2024.08.26</createDate><userId/><commentText>Is everyone aware that an employee leaked samsung source code...</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>g.fr**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.19</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.19</createDate><userId/><commentText>Is it necessary to have a pop-up message every 30 seconds with  options  to use Google locations services</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>fang**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.10</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.10</createDate><userId/><commentText>Has far too many intrusive 'other' permissions .. Fails to satisfy the requirements</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>stua**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.06</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>Its helpfull due to me running multiple phones i can now find or disable a phone if it goes missing</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>domi**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.07.06</modifyDate><createDate>2024.07.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>I wonder if the reason you need to give location and contact details to the app is because it uses those to find your device? Hmmm. Might be a thing that. This software works. It does what it says. You can also use the Google software as well. Not rocket science.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>keit**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.05.23</modifyDate><createDate>2024.05.23</createDate><userId/><commentText>Good</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>juns**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.04.13</modifyDate><createDate>2024.04.13</createDate><userId/><commentText>I'm not happy how the app requests for contact and location permissions all the time when all I want to do is find my watch with a tone! I shouldn't be forced to opt into these features I don't need</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>ryan**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.app.find</appId><contentId>000007282521</contentId><contentName>Samsung Find</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Samsung Find lets you share your location with your loved ones, like your family and friends, and see where your connected family and friends are in real time. 
It also protects you and your family’s Galaxy devices from loss, and provides real-time GPS location tracking so you can easily find them. Try Samsung Find!

Samsung Find offers the following key features to keep you and your family safe.

□ Location sharing and location notifications between family and friends (“People” tab)
 - Worried about the safety of your loved ones? Want to know where your family and friends are and if they’re safe, but don’t want to have to ask them every time? If so, try Samsung Find. 
- You can share your location with family and friends in your contacts, or ask them to share theirs with you.
- Worried about your location being shared all the time? Samsung Find can be set to securely share your location with family and friends for set periods of time.

□ Device-finding and security features (“Devices” tab)
 - Use Samsung Find to prevent losing your devices. Samsung Find can help you find your devices or even a family member’s device. 
 - You can see the location of all of your devices on the map, including your Galaxy phone, tablet, Watch, and Buds, and use navigation to get directions to them! 
 - You can use the “Search nearby” feature to search 360 degrees around you, making it quick and easy to find small devices like Buds and Rings. 
 - You can also use the “Make sound” feature to quickly locate your devices by making them sound, even when set to Silent. 
 - Lost your device? You can track your device’s location and battery information by GPS directly from the Samsung Find website (samsungfind.samsung.com), or you can find it on a shared family member’s device.
 - If you’re concerned about the security of your lost device, use the “Lock device” and “Clear data” features on the Samsung Find website (samsungfind.samsung.com) to keep your and your family’s devices safe.

□ Track the real-time location of your and your family’s precious items (“Items” tab)
 - Worried about losing your pet, favorite bike, or suitcase? Simply attach a SmartTag to them and register them on Samsung Find for real-time location tracking with GPS.
 
Easily connect with your loved ones with Samsung Find, and keep your and your family’s things safe from loss. Register now!

[Usage Environment]
Can be used on devices running Q OS or higher.

* Information on access permissions
Access permission as follows is required for service provision. 
Basic service features can be used even if optional access permissions are not granted. 

[Required Access Permissions]
ㆍContacts: To search for people to share your location with
ㆍLocation: To track the location of your device when lost, and share your location with others
ㆍNotifications: To receive notifications when someone checks your location or shares their location with you

[Optional Access Permissions]
ㆍCamera: To search for nearby devices
ㆍNearby devices: To find the location of devices around you</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>* Improved location search performance
* Fixed bugs and improved stability
* If you’re liking Samsung Find, please rate and write a review. Your positive review will help us improve Samsung Find!</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000007282521/IconImage_20241121083100422_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007282521/IconImage_20241121083100422_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>1.4.00.10</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>71.05 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2024.11.21</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.app.find?session_id=W_DE307CE85CC21BB1974918C4A1224D88&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1080x2160|1080x2160|1080x2160|360x720||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Samsung Find lets you share your location with your loved ones, like your family and friends, and see where your connected family and friends are in real time. 
It also protects you and your family...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Find - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.app.find</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007282521/ENG/ScreenShot_20241121083100422_1080_2160_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007282521/ENG/ScreenShot_20241121083100422_1080_2160_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007282521/ENG/ScreenShot_20241121083100422_1080_2160_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007282521/ENG/ScreenShot_20241121083100422_1080_2160_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007282521/ENG/ScreenShot_20241121083100422_360_720_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007282521/ENG/ScreenShot_20241121083100422_360_720_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007282521/ENG/ScreenShot_20241121083100422_1080_2160_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007282521/ENG/ScreenShot_20241121083100422_1080_2160_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>이봉희</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>13</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>