<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2020.04.09</modifyDate><createDate>2020.04.09</createDate><userId/><commentText>The app is pretty dissapointing, i like the idea but it's not great, the Samsung notes app has more useful features. I like that it has grid and ruled lines but its pretty pointless how you can't choose more grids or make the lines thinner ie more on a page. 

I wanted to use this to make Lecture notes but the fact that the pages dont extend horizontally doesnt really help there and while like the idea of pages i wish i could choose how long each page was instead of filling each one to the same limit and then having to add more its just not as convenient as notes which extends vertically as much as i'd want.

Another little discrepancy i have is an app called S notes and has a picture of the the Spen on the icon why doesn't it have more functionality tied to the pen.

I really do like how it organises each note its easier to look at than samsung notes when doing lectures and the like but i cant recommend it because it just lack the convenient little things that samsung notes has.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>liam**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.01.16</modifyDate><createDate>2020.01.16</createDate><userId/><commentText>very useful，tho still missing some key features.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>*****</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.snote</appId><contentId>000004723064</contentId><contentName>S Note</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>[ Notice ] 
 S Note application has received complaints from customers that, in some cases, note files are being deleted during application update process. 
 This has been observed only in rare cases and that too due to external causes. 
 We believe the booster(or optimizer) applications to be one of the reasons which consider the note files as junk while S Note is being updated. 
 But there are many such applications available in the market and new ones are also launched regularly. 
 It's difficult to manage these applications completely in such cases. 

 So, we strongly recommend to use synchronization functionality to keep the notes safely in cloud storage. 
 To use synchronization functionality, you should login with an on-line account. 

- Open S Note > Settings > Account > Samsung Account or Evernote. 

 Once your notes are synchronized as mentioned above, the notes could be restored even if they have been deleted. 

 [FAQ] 
 https://help.content.samsung.com/csweb/auth/gosupport.do?serviceCd=snote&amp;targetUrl=%2Ffaq%2FsearchFaq.do 

 [Contact us] 
 https://help.content.samsung.com/csweb/auth/gosupport.do?serviceCd=snote&amp;targetUrl=%2Fticket%2FcreateQuestionTicket.do 

 [About S Note] 
 This is the new S Note application for Galaxy devices. 
 S Note allows you to view and edit notes created with previous versions, and to sync your notes with other Galaxy devices. 
 Tell your stories with the new version of S Note. 

 Features 
- Write notes with the S Pen or your finger 
- Attach images or voice recordings to notes 
- Save and categorise your notes 
- Share notes with friends 
 
 The following permissions are required for the app service. For optional permissions, the default functionality of the service is turned on, but not allowed.
 [Required permissions]
- Storage: Used to access the S Note files stored on your phone and tablet
 [Optional permissions]
- Camera: Used to insert pictures into your notes
- Microphone: Used to insert voice recordings into your notes
- Location: Used to provide location information when opening webpages that request your location
- Calendar: Used to add Calendar links to action memo functions</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000004723064/IconImage_20220622231904892_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004723064/IconImage_20220622231904892_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValue><ratingNumber>4.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>5.2.07.4</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>34.15 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2022.06.22</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.snote?session_id=W_612F45EEDAC724146F0A330683F18063&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>calendar</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>microphone</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>[ Notice ] 
 S Note application has received complaints from customers that, in some cases, note files are being deleted during application update process. 
 This has been observed only in rare cas...</page_meta_desc><page_title>S Note - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.snote</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004723064/ENG/ScreenShot_20220622231904892_1440_2560_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004723064/ENG/ScreenShot_20220622231904892_1440_2560_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004723064/ENG/ScreenShot_20220622231904892_1440_2560_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004723064/ENG/ScreenShot_20220622231904892_1440_2560_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004723064/ENG/ScreenShot_20220622231904892_1440_2560_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004723064/ENG/ScreenShot_20220622231904892_1440_2560_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004723064/ENG/ScreenShot_20220622231904892_1440_2560_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004723064/ENG/ScreenShot_20220622231904892_1440_2560_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Lê Anh Quân</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>2</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>