<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2024.10.26</modifyDate><createDate>2024.10.26</createDate><userId/><commentText>I love ❤️ 😍  my Samsung</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>bria**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.09.12</modifyDate><createDate>2024.09.12</createDate><userId/><commentText>Can someone remind me what this app does</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>land**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.08.10</modifyDate><createDate>2024.08.10</createDate><userId/><commentText>Always worked well but I think this version has a bug. No or very delayed notifications</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>y.is**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.04.16</modifyDate><createDate>2024.04.16</createDate><userId/><commentText>Waste of space</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>bare**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.03.08</modifyDate><createDate>2024.03.08</createDate><userId/><commentText>Saves the brain doing overtime</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>pete**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2024.03.05</modifyDate><createDate>2024.03.05</createDate><userId/><commentText>Much better after recent updates. Takes far fewer taps to quickly enter information. Would be nice to be able to to resize, reorder, or delete unused fields to make data entry even quicker. (example, I'd like to be able to only use time reminders and have the time field immediately visible, currently gets blocked by keyboard requiring scrolling). Otherwise very well implemented like it was years ago.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jtho**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.app.reminder</appId><contentId>000007402889</contentId><contentName>Reminder</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>(※ If you do not see the App icon after downloading, launch the Reminder app through the Reminder menu of the Samsung Calendar app or create a Reminder through “• Create reminders in various ways” in the Description.)

Reminder is a smart notification app that you can use to easily add things to do or remember, and to be reminded of them in advance according to the time, place and user situation.

• Receive notifications anytime, anywhere
Reminder provides many different time notification conditions such as the date, day, and time, as well as repetition conditions.
Reminder can provide notifications to you when you arrive at or leave a certain location. If you have something to buy when you go to a grocery store, create a place-based reminder.
When you create a place-based reminder, you can set it to receive notifications only at specified times. 
If you want to get notifications to let you know when to get off the bus on your way home from work, then create a reminder and set it to notify you when you arrive at your stop only between 5 p.m. to 12 a.m., which is the time you usually head home from work.
※ To receive place-based notifications, turn on your device’s location settings.

• Create reminders in various ways
First, create a reminder by clicking the plus (+) button after launching the Reminder app.
Second, create a reminder using your voice while pressing and holding the Bixby button. For example, if you say “Remind me I’m buying milk at 2 p.m. today,” you can create a reminder that triggers a notification at 2 p.m.
Third, click the Share button in any app and select Reminder to create a reminder with text, pictures, links, etc. attached. For example, if you find something on the Internet that you want a reminder of, click the Share button and select Reminder, and the link will be saved to Reminder.
Fourth, you can use some Samsung apps like Messages and Videos to create reminders via the “Add to Reminder” button.
※ To create a reminder using the Bixby voice command, you have to log in to your Samsung account and be connected to a network.
※ Apps supported by Reminder are subject to change.

• Check reminders in many different ways
Reminders that have been created can also be viewed through the Calendar, Edge panel, and widgets.
※ Only reminders with time notification conditions can be checked on the Calendar, and Android 9 or later is needed to check reminders on the Calendar.

• Tips for using Reminder
Long-press coupons you’ve received via text message to add them to Reminder, and use them when you arrive at the grocery store, coffee shop, hair salon, etc.
Remember where you parked with Bixby Voice.Save the location where you parked by saying, “Remember that I parked on the basement 3rd floor.” If you’re wondering where you parked, just say, “tell me where I parked.”

• About app access permissions
The following access permissions are required to provide you with this service. You can use the basic features of the app without giving the optional permissions. 

[Required Permissions]
• Notifications: Sends notifications for reminders
[Optional Permissions]
• Calendar: To move “To do” from Calendar to Reminder
• Photos and videos: To save and access image files
• Location: To add and use location-based notification reminders
• Contacts: To save contact information to Reminder
• Nearby devices: To send Reminder notifications when getting in or out of a vehicle</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>• Provision of cover screen widget (Galaxy Z Flip)
• Provision of “View” button when changing categories or restoring completed Reminders</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000007402889/IconImage_20240924065456613_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007402889/IconImage_20240924065456613_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>12.5.04.3</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>28.32 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2024.09.24</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.app.reminder?session_id=W_4CBCDFAA10E29AFF5952A12AA817B7F4&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>calendar</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2880|1440x2880|1440x2880|1440x2880||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>(※ If you do not see the App icon after downloading, launch the Reminder app through the Reminder menu of the Samsung Calendar app or create a Reminder through “• Create reminders in various ways” ...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Reminder - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.app.reminder</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007402889/ENG/ScreenShot_20240924065456613_1440_2880_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007402889/ENG/ScreenShot_20240924065456613_1440_2880_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007402889/ENG/ScreenShot_20240924065456613_1440_2880_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007402889/ENG/ScreenShot_20240924065456613_1440_2880_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007402889/ENG/ScreenShot_20240924065456613_1440_2880_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007402889/ENG/ScreenShot_20240924065456613_1440_2880_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007402889/ENG/ScreenShot_20240924065456613_1440_2880_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000007402889/ENG/ScreenShot_20240924065456613_1440_2880_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>최병우</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>6</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>