<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2021.07.08</modifyDate><createDate>2021.07.08</createDate><userId/><commentText>Good</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>judy**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.10.04</modifyDate><createDate>2020.10.04</createDate><userId/><commentText>Easy to use and nice</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>theu**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.06.26</modifyDate><createDate>2020.06.26</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hollow</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>isme**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.06.10</modifyDate><createDate>2020.06.10</createDate><userId/><commentText>35</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>athe**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.app.reminder</appId><contentId>000002971320</contentId><contentName>Reminder</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Reminder is a smart app where you can easily put things you need to do or remember in order to get appropriate alerts for different times, places, and situations.

1. Get reminders when and where you need them the most
Try Reminder to help you remember things you often forget. In Reminder, you can set reminders based on specific conditions such as time, location and your situations. Try setting reminder conditions for situations like arriving at work, waking up in the morning, or finishing work. Reminder will always remember things for you.
* You need to turn the GPS on to receive location-based alerts.
* You need to use your device for at least a day to enable Reminder to study your situations.

2. Create reminders in different ways
Put some memorable content and a million things you need to do into the Reminder app. You can easily create a reminder using Bixby Voice or write one in the Reminder app yourself. You can also use the ‘Share via’ feature in other apps to save text, photos, and links to Reminder. Created reminders can be viewed on the Always On Display, Edge panel, Widget, and Bixby Home.
* To create a reminder using Bixby, you need to sign in to your Samsung account and be connected to a network.
※ Apps supported by Reminder are subject to change.

3. Tips for using Reminder
- Create a reminder using Bixby Voice. For instance, say “Remind me to buy milk when I get off work”, or “Remind me to take vitamins at 8 every morning”. You can quickly and easily remind yourself about things you mustn't forget.
- If you have content that you want to remember for later, use the ‘Share via’ feature in any app to save it to Reminder. For example, if you find a travel blog you like, you can share it to Reminder and check it again when you arrive at your travel destination. By doing this, anyone can become a travel expert. Share different types of content, such as text, photos, links, and WhatsApp messages, to Reminder.
- If you find a scene you want to watch again later while playing a video, create a reminder. For instance, if you need to pause a video, send it to Reminder. Then, you can resume playback where you left off without having to remember where you paused. (How? While playing a video, just tap ‘Send to Reminder’ in ‘More options’ to save the video to Reminder.)
- Tap ‘Add reminder’ while sending call reject messages, on the call ending screen, or on the missed call notifications screen, to create a reminder for an hour later. Now, you'll never miss important calls or calls from your loved ones even if you're having a busy day.
- Save coupons you receive via text messages to Reminder, and use them when you go to the mall, coffee shop, or hairdresser. You can shop smarter with Reminder. (How? Press and hold a text message you need to remember, and tap ‘Send to Reminder’. If you tap the clock-shaped icon at the bottom of the screen, you can set your preferred notification conditions right away.)
- Register your frequently visited places to Reminder using Bixby Voice, and then create a reminder when you leave or arrive at that location. For example, say "Save this place as School", and then "Remind me to submit my report when I arrive at School". You'll never forget things you need to do at specific places.
- Try using Bixby Voice to remember where you parked. Say "Remember that I parked my car in B3". Later, if you can't remember where you parked, just say "Where did I park my car?".
- If you have a task to perform, quickly save it to Reminder. Say "Remind me to call my mum in five minutes". Now there's no need to worry about remembering even the little things.
- If you want to listen to your reminders via Bixby Voice, say "Read me the latest reminder". This command is particularly useful when you can't easily touch your phone, like when you're driving or shopping.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>- Fixed bugs.</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000002971320/IconImage_20211123084958259_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002971320/IconImage_20211123084958259_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValue><ratingNumber>4.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>1.4.07.1001</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>9.47 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2021.11.23</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.app.reminder?session_id=W_C03F7273A4AAB465BF88B20A6794DB37&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Reminder is a smart app where you can easily put things you need to do or remember in order to get appropriate alerts for different times, places, and situations.

1. Get reminders when and where y...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Reminder - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.app.reminder</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002971320/ENG/ScreenShot_20211123084958259_1440_2560_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002971320/ENG/ScreenShot_20211123084958259_1440_2560_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002971320/ENG/ScreenShot_20211123084958259_1440_2560_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002971320/ENG/ScreenShot_20211123084958259_1440_2560_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002971320/ENG/ScreenShot_20211123084958259_1440_2560_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002971320/ENG/ScreenShot_20211123084958259_1440_2560_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002971320/ENG/ScreenShot_20211123084958259_1440_2560_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002971320/ENG/ScreenShot_20211123084958259_1440_2560_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>신우경</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>4</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>