<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2020.10.02</modifyDate><createDate>2020.10.02</createDate><userId/><commentText>Ok but needs some help
Swipe text line needs to be adjustable (currently way too big)
Swipe texting suggestions need to be options on what was swiped, not options on what was produced
Spell check needs to be better
Gifs are great but only search on the last typed word not the sentence</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>hans**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.09.24</modifyDate><createDate>2020.09.24</createDate><userId/><commentText>The new update to the Samsung S20+ keyboard is a massive step back. 
Please allow users to add their own words to the dictionary to provide a better auto correct service (This could be done on the S8,S9 etc.).
Overall, The Galaxy S8's keyboard was far superior. More specifically, in terms of the predictive text, autocorrect, and the ability to add Google assistant as the Speech to Text Voice Input.
Something as simple as swipe type has now become a hassle;
Try swipe typing 'hahah'... you now get "handshake". Try swipe/typing "auto correct"... you now get "autocorrelation". 
The irony is glaring.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jake**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.09.10</modifyDate><createDate>2020.09.10</createDate><userId/><commentText>1</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>tbit**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.09.01</modifyDate><createDate>2020.09.01</createDate><userId/><commentText>Not good to use</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jery**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.08.29</modifyDate><createDate>2020.08.29</createDate><userId/><commentText>The last update essentially ruined this keyboard for bi-linguals. I understand this is probably not the biggest portion of the market for you but its devastating for us who rely on multiple language autopredict. With the new update the keyboard now autocorrects for every language downloaded, not the one you have currently selected, although it may sound like an improvement this is DEVASTATING for someone who types in multiple languages with the same alphabet. I am constantly getting words autocorrected from a different language to what I am currently speaking which causes a massive inconvenience and frustration especially when speaking with people regarding work. This has only been since the last update and needs to be addressed asap! Along with this I would like the settings and emoji icons to come back to the bottom left corner when I disable the top bar in the settings, this is also from the latest update.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>davi**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.08.28</modifyDate><createDate>2020.08.28</createDate><userId/><commentText>I like that you can customise the symbols that pop up. But using it in a browser is quite irritating. The www/.com button makes the space bar so small so when I type with one hand I keep hitting the fulls top button. If you could turn it off I would use it again.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>eldo**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.08.01</modifyDate><createDate>2020.08.01</createDate><userId/><commentText>Long press to open clipboard not working in pokemon go...can't add friend codes. Very annoying when trying to raid. Please fix this bug...</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>nich**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.07.13</modifyDate><createDate>2020.07.13</createDate><userId/><commentText>Good</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>gang**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.07.08</modifyDate><createDate>2020.07.08</createDate><userId/><commentText>Great</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>monk**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.06.25</modifyDate><createDate>2020.06.25</createDate><userId/><commentText>Hlgood</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValueNumber><loginId>fich**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.06.23</modifyDate><createDate>2020.06.23</createDate><userId/><commentText>Use</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValueNumber><loginId>inhl**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.06.19</modifyDate><createDate>2020.06.19</createDate><userId/><commentText>R</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>cubb**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.05.29</modifyDate><createDate>2020.05.29</createDate><userId/><commentText>Great</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>thec**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.05.27</modifyDate><createDate>2020.05.27</createDate><userId/><commentText>Predictive text is the worst. The one reason i consider going back to the competitor. Please address the machine learning in your products</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jonc**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2020.05.18</modifyDate><createDate>2020.05.18</createDate><userId/><commentText>I cant ad  my avatar to comments using this Keyboard?</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>srey**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.honeyboard</appId><contentId>000004993403</contentId><contentName>Samsung Keyboard</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Have fun typing with Samsung Keyboard. Various input methods and convenient features help make typing easier and more convenient for you.

[Key Features]
• Multilanguage support
- Samsung Keyboard supports over 80 languages.

• Smart typing
- Predictive text: Learns how you type and recommends words and phrases as you type. The recommendation feature will perform better based on the data Samsung Keyboard gathers for each user.
- Auto spell check: Finds typos and suggests correct alternatives. 
- Text shortcuts: Creates shortcuts for frequently used words and phrases. You can easily input text by typing shortcuts and selecting text from the recommendation window.
- Switching input languages: You can change the input language by swiping the spacebar to the left or right.
- It provides optimized keys for different input windows such as address, email, and search.
- Samsung Keyboard analyzes how you usually type, so it will correct your typos.

• Various input methods
- Clipboard: You can select text or images saved to the clipboard, and paste them.
- Keyboard swipe controls: You can input text or move the cursor by performing gestures on the keyboard screen.
- Voice input and Handwriting recognition are available.
- Split keyboard, Floating keyboard, and One-handed input keyboard are available.

• Keyboard custom settings
- Long-press the Custom key to open the Option and Symbol list, and select one that you want to assign a shortcut for. (e.g., Voice input, Handwriting recognition, Clipboard, Emoji, One-handed input mode, Keyboard settings, or Symbols)
- Custom symbols: Save your frequently used symbols and favorite symbols, and use them later. Open the Symbol list by long-pressing the period (.) to easily input symbols.
- Keyboard size, Number keys, and Alternative characters: You can adjust the keyboard size freely in all four directions, and also decide whether or not the Number keys and Alternative characters should be included on the keyboard.
- High contrast keyboard: Samsung Keyboard provides a high-contrast keyboard to take into account users with low vision or color vision impairment.

• Other features
- Emoji: Express your personality in a fun way using over 3,000 emojis.
- Language update: It adds and learns new words on a regular basis. You can update languages via the Keyboard settings.
- It provides optimized keyboard layouts when you are using Car mode, Samsung DeX, or a Keyboard cover, and also supports text input via a hardware keyboard.

※ The available features may differ depending on the country or the device.

[Supported Languages]
English (US, UK, AU), Italian, Spanish (US, ES), Galician, Catalan, Basque, Dutch, Polish, Portuguese, Norwegian, Danish, Swedish, Finnish, Icelandic, Estonian, Romanian, Bosnian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Slovak, Turkish, Azerbaijani, Albanian, Vietnamese, Tagalog, Uzbek, Afrikaans, Javanese, Sundanese, Turkmen, Swahili, Yoruba, Igbo, Hausa, Twi, Zulu, Sesotho, Xhosa, Irish, Silesian, Indonesian, Malay, German, Czech, Croatian, Slovenian, Hungarian, Serbian, French (FR, CA), Malagasy, Russian, Bulgarian, Ukrainian, Kazakh, Macedonian, Mongolian, Kyrgyz, Tajik, Belarus, Arabic, Farsi, Urdu, Hindi, Tamil, Kannada, Gujarati, Telugu, Malayalam, Bengali, Assamese, Punjabi, Sinhala, Nepali, Marathi, Oriya (Odia), Maithili, Greek, Hebrew, Georgian, Armenian, Korean, Simplified Chinese | Mainland, Traditional Chinese | HK, Traditional Chinese | TW, Japanese, Thai, Lao, Khmer, Myanmar, Tibetan</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000004993403/IconImage_20200812020114273_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004993403/IconImage_20200812020114273_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValue><ratingNumber>4.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>5.0.21.0</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>53.86 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2020.08.12</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.honeyboard?session_id=W_43F9A4D7403D7B4F4DD9419AAAB1C406&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Have fun typing with Samsung Keyboard. Various input methods and convenient features help make typing easier and more convenient for you.

[Key Features]
• Multilanguage support
- Samsung Keyboard ...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Keyboard - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.honeyboard</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004993403/ENG/ScreenShot_20200812020114273_1440_2560_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004993403/ENG/ScreenShot_20200812020114273_1440_2560_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004993403/ENG/ScreenShot_20200812020114273_1440_2560_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004993403/ENG/ScreenShot_20200812020114273_1440_2560_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004993403/ENG/ScreenShot_20200812020114273_1440_2560_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004993403/ENG/ScreenShot_20200812020114273_1440_2560_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004993403/ENG/ScreenShot_20200812020114273_1440_2560_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004993403/ENG/ScreenShot_20200812020114273_1440_2560_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004993403/ENG/ScreenShot_20200812020114273_1440_2560_320_5.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000004993403/ENG/ScreenShot_20200812020114273_1440_2560_5.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName/><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>17</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>