<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2022.02.03</modifyDate><createDate>2022.02.03</createDate><userId/><commentText>Looks Great!
I love and appreciate the trouble that people go to to improve and make things better...
Thank you Samsung! 💯</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>mast**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.01.20</modifyDate><createDate>2022.01.20</createDate><userId/><commentText>Bruh why do I have to download this😭</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>rose**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2021.11.05</modifyDate><createDate>2021.11.05</createDate><userId/><commentText>Appp only takes up 50mb of storage yet needed 500mb of space to download. I have no storage and lost many an app just to open my notes :/</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>jasm**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2021.11.04</modifyDate><createDate>2021.11.04</createDate><userId/><commentText>This is rediculous!!. Why am I being forced to update an App I know how to use. Leave it alone , or let me go back to how it was. No doubt you won't respond to my discuss!</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>char**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2021.10.07</modifyDate><createDate>2021.10.07</createDate><userId/><commentText>Having to make me install another app to use the app I already had installed and left notes on. Trash design. Do better</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>ltra**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2021.09.20</modifyDate><createDate>2021.09.20</createDate><userId/><commentText>Me: But why, though?
Samsung: Why not?</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>maha**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2021.09.15</modifyDate><createDate>2021.09.15</createDate><userId/><commentText>Completely pointless after all</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>asha**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2021.08.26</modifyDate><createDate>2021.08.26</createDate><userId/><commentText>I kinda get it but like why tf put this all on another app like you could just put it all in the singular app and if ppl wanna be bland they could turn off the ✨add ons✨</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>abig**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2021.08.26</modifyDate><createDate>2021.08.26</createDate><userId/><commentText>This is dumb, i mean i could read some of my old notes but the ones that are locked (witch have my passwords for things in that note) i couldnt open... how stupid, worest part was when i had to verifi my email... MY PASSWORDS IN THE NOTE I WAS TRYING TOO OPED</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>nell**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2021.08.17</modifyDate><createDate>2021.08.17</createDate><userId/><commentText>Thought this was a joke lol, but i guess samsung is the real joke🤷‍♂️</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-0-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>seph**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2021.08.15</modifyDate><createDate>2021.08.15</createDate><userId/><commentText>Can't believe I had to install another app to view Notes that I had written before you updated the Notes App.  Surely you didn't need to make an add on to allow use to view old file.  Did you forget this bit in your update!!!!!</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>dian**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2021.08.07</modifyDate><createDate>2021.08.07</createDate><userId/><commentText>Why do i need another app okay maybe it "works better" its just a video really notes 😕☝</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>ashl**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2021.08.06</modifyDate><createDate>2021.08.06</createDate><userId/><commentText>I mean it does its job but another app come on</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-3</ratingValueNumber><loginId>rile**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2021.08.04</modifyDate><createDate>2021.08.04</createDate><userId/><commentText>If you think you're useless remind yourself that this app exists</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>nnja**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2021.07.30</modifyDate><createDate>2021.07.30</createDate><userId/><commentText>This is pointless. Stop trying to fix things that already work. Why do you need 2 apps to do things most can do in 1?</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>zeht**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.app.notes.addons</appId><contentId>000005769652</contentId><contentName>Samsung Notes AddOns</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Samsung Notes allows you to memo nicely and draw fabulous paintings with a S Pen 

 With Samsung Notes, 
 you can create notes containing texts, images with footnotes, voice recordings, and music. 
 Moreover, you can share your notes easily to SNS. 
 Previously made any memos from S Note and Memo also can be imported into Samsung Notes. 
 Samsung Notes provides various brush types and color mixers, so that you can draw fabulous paintings like professional painters. 
 You may also share your paintings at PEN.UP right away. 
 Samsung Notes is a hub for all your hand-written notes, sketches, drawings. 

 Creating notes 
 Tap + icon at the bottom of the main screen of Samsung Notes to create notes. 

 Locking notes 
 1.Tap the More options button on the main screen of Samsung Notes, select Settings, 
 then select Lock notes to create a password. 
 2.Create a password, then tap the note you want to lock. 
 3.Tap the More options button while viewing a note, then select Lock. 

 Adding text 
 Tap keyboard icon at the top of the screen to enter text using the keyboard. 
 Use the Rich text toolbar to edit the style of the text. 

 Adding handwriting 
 Tap Handwriting icon at the top of the screen to add handwriting. 
 Handwritten text can be recognised. You can also use handwriting to search for keywords in notes. 

 Adding drawings 
 Tap drawing icon at the top of the screen to create drawings. 

 Adding image and voice recordings 
 Tap image icon at the top of the screen to insert images. 
 Tap Voice recording icon at the top of the screen to insert voice recordings. 

 Using pen settings 
 Select from various pen types, sizes, and colours. 

 Erasing handwriting 
 Tap eraser icon at the bottom of the screen, then tap or swipe your finger over the handwriting you want to erase. 

 Using Selection mode 
 Tap selection icon at the bottom of the screen, then select an area of handwriting. 
 You can then move the selected area, adjust its size, and more. 

 Using brush settings 
 Select from various brush types and colours. 
 Tap the selected brush to view the brush settings again and change more settings such as the size and opacity. 
 Tap color icon, then select the colour you want to draw with. 

 Using Smart Switch. 
 Use Smart Switch to import S Note and Memo data from other devices. 

 Using Samsung account. 
 1.Tap the More options button while on the main screen of Samsung Notes, select Settings, then select Import data. 
 2.Select S Note or Memo data saved using your Samsung account, then tap the DONE button. 

 Syncing notes via Samsung Cloud 
 1.Tap the More options button while on the main screen of Samsung Notes, select Settings, 
 then select Sync with Samsung Cloud. 
 2.Register with or sign in to Samsung Cloud using your Samsung account. 
 Samsung Notes data will be synced automatically. 

 Creating notes while screen off 
 Detach the S Pen while the screen is turned off to create screen off memos. 



 *Notice Regarding Application Access Privilege : 
 The following permissions are required for the app service. 
 For optional permissions, the default functionality of the service is turned on, but not allowed. 

 Required permissions 
• Storage: Used to save or load note files 

 Optional permissions 
• Telephone: Used to check device-unique identification information for providing app update 
• Microphone: Used to record the voice to be inserted into the note 
• Camera: Used to take photos to be inserted into the note 
• Location: Used to provide location information when opening web links requesting location 
• Contacts: Used to read account information to sync with your account</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000005769652/IconImage_20210701075227174_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005769652/IconImage_20210701075227174_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValue><ratingNumber>4.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>2.1.00.6</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>30.73 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2021.07.01</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.app.notes.addons?session_id=W_14E0EEDC29C6FD25C075E91D1BAF27F4&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Samsung Notes allows you to memo nicely and draw fabulous paintings with a S Pen 

 With Samsung Notes, 
 you can create notes containing texts, images with footnotes, voice recordings, and music. ...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Notes AddOns - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.app.notes.addons</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005769652/ENG/ScreenShot_20210701075227174_1440_2560_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005769652/ENG/ScreenShot_20210701075227174_1440_2560_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005769652/ENG/ScreenShot_20210701075227174_1440_2560_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005769652/ENG/ScreenShot_20210701075227174_1440_2560_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005769652/ENG/ScreenShot_20210701075227174_1440_2560_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005769652/ENG/ScreenShot_20210701075227174_1440_2560_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005769652/ENG/ScreenShot_20210701075227174_1440_2560_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005769652/ENG/ScreenShot_20210701075227174_1440_2560_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Lê Anh Quân</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>27</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>