<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.SingTel.mWallet</appId><contentId>000006062685</contentId><contentName>Singtel Dash</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Singtel Dash – the all-in-one mobile e-wallet that lets you pay, remit, save and insure from one app.

Whether in-store or online, locally or overseas, make secured and easy payments with Dash. Need to send money home? It’s fast, easy and safe to transfer money with Dash. On top of that, you will earn Dash reward points as you shop, dine, commute and remit all with the Dash app.

Make Dash your favourite mobile companion as you can:

Go cashless

• Scan and pay with Dash wherever Dash and Fave is accepted to enjoy unlimited Dash reward points. Plus, enjoy instant FavePay cashback for Fave merchant payments.

• Scan and pay with Dash at merchants where PayNow is accepted.

• Shop in-store or online worldwide with your Dash Visa Virtual Card

• Tap to pay for your bus and train rides

• Pay for your taxi rides with no admin fees

• Scan and pay for your purchases in Thailand and Japan when you see the VIA™ logo

Send money locally and overseas

• Transfer money easily to your loved ones and friends for that meal or taxi ride that you just shared, and more

• Enjoy secured and simple remittance to Bangladesh (BDT Bangladeshi Taka), China (CNY Chinese Yuan), India (INR Indian Rupee), Indonesia (IDR Indonesian Rupiah), Malaysia (MYR Malaysian Ringgit), Myanmar (MMK Myanmar Kyat) and the Philippines (PHP Philippine Peso)

• Sending money overseas is safe as we are licensed and regulated by Monetary Authority of Singapore


Earn Dash reward points

• Earn unlimited points as you make your daily payments and remittance with Dash

• Redeem Singtel exclusive vouchers, shopping vouchers, F&amp;B vouchers and many more with your points


Top up on-the-go, 24/7

• Top up your loved ones’ overseas prepaid account with our new data packs and also for airtime, available for 9 countries: Bangladesh, China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam

• Top up your hi! SIM Card and get connected

• Top-up easily using a variety of channels – such as PayNow, direct bank (eNETS), Sheng Siong $TM, SOCASH merchants, 7-11 shops, Singtel shops and exclusive retailers


‘Grow Money’ with Dash PET by Etiqa Insurance

• Earn higher returns with free insurance coverage

• Start saving from S$50, capital guaranteed, no lock-in period

• More protection to increase your returns

• Terms apply. This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Protected up to specified limits by SDIC.

Plan for your next staycation

• Book Agoda hotels and earn cashback


Protect yourself and what you own

• Explore ‘Insurance’ to get coverage for yourself and your assets

Be rewarded as you Dash! Check out our latest deals^ and find out more at dash.com.sg

Questions? Contact us at 1800-GET-DASH (1800-438-3274).

^Location services may be disabled to improve battery life

^Continued use of GPS running in the background can dramatically decrease battery life.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000006062685/IconImage_20240625060018532_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Singtel Idea Factory Pte Ltd</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Singtel Idea Factory Pte Ltd</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006062685/IconImage_20240625060018532_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>6.8.0</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>80.14 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy>https://www.singtel.com/data-protection</sellerPrivatePolicy><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2024.06.25</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.SingTel.mWallet?session_id=W_95891AD62818DF4741C8F361CFE2CDD6&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>sensors</permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>405x654|405x657|407x666|409x659||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Singtel Dash – the all-in-one mobile e-wallet that lets you pay, remit, save and insure from one app.

Whether in-store or online, locally or overseas, make secured and easy payments with Dash. Nee...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Singtel Dash - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.SingTel.mWallet</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006062685/ENG/ScreenShot_20240625060018532_409_659_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006062685/ENG/ScreenShot_20240625060018532_409_659_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006062685/ENG/ScreenShot_20240625060018532_407_666_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006062685/ENG/ScreenShot_20240625060018532_407_666_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006062685/ENG/ScreenShot_20240625060018532_405_657_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006062685/ENG/ScreenShot_20240625060018532_405_657_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006062685/ENG/ScreenShot_20240625060018532_405_654_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006062685/ENG/ScreenShot_20240625060018532_405_654_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Singtel Idea Factory Pte Ltd</sellerTradeName><representation>Singtel Idea Factory Pte Ltd</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Kang Jia Hui Jeannie</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber/><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>