<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.babylon.telushealth</appId><contentId>000005919728</contentId><contentName>TELUS Health MyCare</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>TELUS Health MyCare™ lets you easily see a Healthcare Provider right from your phone.

FEATURES
Video Consultations: Book an appointment with the Doctor, Counsellor or Dietitian of your choice (provincial restrictions apply) and have a video consultation from the comfort of your home or wherever works best for you. If needed, prescriptions and referrals for diagnostic tests/specialists can be provided. 

Easily access your TELUS Health MyCare consultation notes and additional appointment details through the Care Hub whenever you need them and get your prescription delivered directly through the app.

Appointments are scheduled in English by default unless you are in Quebec where appointments can be either in French or English. If you would like to schedule an appointment in a different language, contact our Support Team.

Symptom Checker: Get more peace of mind 24/7 with our chat-style Symptom Checker, powered by Artificial Intelligence, which asks you questions about your symptoms to suggest possible courses of action.

Healthcheck: Learn more about your health in just 15 minutes. Our free digital assessment tool gives you a picture of your current health and suggests lifestyle changes for healthier living.

Monitor: Connect your existing health apps, such as HealthKit, and set medication reminders to manage your health in one place.

GET STARTED
1. Register for your free account.
2. Book an appointment time that suits you.
3. Start having a video consultation with a healthcare provider.

SAFETY &amp; SECURITY
We take data security and privacy extremely seriously. All of TELUS Health MyCare’s clinical procedures meet industry and legal standards. We retain patient records in accordance with national best practice guidelines and all patient data is securely transmitted using industry-recognized encryption methods.


Mes Soins TELUS SantéMC vous permet de consulter un professionnel de la santé directement depuis votre téléphone.
 
FONCTIONNALITÉS
Consultations vidéo : Prenez rendez-vous avec le docteur, thérapeute en santé mentale ou nutritionniste diététiste de votre choix (des restrictions provinciales s’appliquent) et bénéficiez d'une consultation vidéo depuis le confort de votre foyer ou de l’endroit qui vous convient le mieux.

Accédez facilement et à tout moment aux notes de vos consultations Mes Soins TELUS Santé et aux autres détails et documents relatifs à votre rendez-vous via l’onglet “Soins”.

Les rendez-vous se déroulent par défaut en anglais, sauf au Québec où vous pouvez choisir entre le français et l’anglais. Si vous souhaitez avoir un rendez-vous dans une langue différente, veuillez contacter notre équipe d'assistance.

Analyse de symptômes : Propulsé par l’intelligence artificielle et accessible en tout temps, cet outil vous interroge sur vos symptômes et vous suggère les actions à envisager.

Bilan de santé : Prenez votre santé en main en seulement 15 minutes. Notre outil d’évaluation numérique gratuit dresse un portrait de votre état de santé et vous propose des idées pour adopter un mode de vie plus sain.
 
Suivi : Connectez vos applications de santé existantes, telles que HealthKit, et configurez des rappels de médicaments pour gérer votre santé en un seul endroit.
 
DÉMARRAGE
1. Créez votre compte gratuitement.
2. Prenez rendez-vous au moment qui vous convient.
3. Bénéficiez d’une consultation vidéo avec un professionnel de la santé.
 
SÉCURITÉ
TELUS attache une très grande importance à la sécurité et à la confidentialité des données personnelles. Toutes les procédures cliniques de Mes Soins TELUS Santé respectent les normes de l’industrie et normes légales. La conservation des dossiers des patients se fait selon les meilleures pratiques nationales en vigueur et toutes les données des patients sont transmises de façon sécurisée au moyen de méthodes de chiffrement reconnues.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000005919728/IconImage_20241030124414518_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>TELUS Health MyCare Inc.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>TELUS Health MyCare Inc.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919728/IconImage_20241030124414518_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>103.2.0</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>155.06 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy>https://www.telus.com/mycareprivacy</sellerPrivatePolicy><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2024.10.30</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.babylon.telushealth?session_id=W_44311B68D1235F2A41EBA474A27FFBC7&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>calendar</permissionList><permissionList>sensors</permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>microphone</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1080x1920|1080x1920|1080x1920|1080x1920||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>TELUS Health MyCare™ lets you easily see a Healthcare Provider right from your phone.

FEATURES
Video Consultations: Book an appointment with the Doctor, Counsellor or Dietitian of your choice (pro...</page_meta_desc><page_title>TELUS Health MyCare - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.babylon.telushealth</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919728/ENG/ScreenShot_20241030124414518_1080_1920_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919728/ENG/ScreenShot_20241030124414518_1080_1920_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919728/ENG/ScreenShot_20241030124414518_1080_1920_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919728/ENG/ScreenShot_20241030124414518_1080_1920_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919728/ENG/ScreenShot_20241030124414518_1080_1920_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919728/ENG/ScreenShot_20241030124414518_1080_1920_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919728/ENG/ScreenShot_20241030124414518_1080_1920_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000005919728/ENG/ScreenShot_20241030124414518_1080_1920_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Babylon Health</sellerTradeName><representation>TELUS Health MyCare Inc.</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Yen Jung Kim</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber/><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>