<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.lool</appId><contentId>000003983810</contentId><contentName>Device Care</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>"Device Care - optimize your Galaxy smartphone

For a more pleasant experience while using your Galaxy smartphone, try the ""Device Care"" app by Samsung Electronics. With the ""Device Care"" app, anyone can easily keep their smartphone in good condition. The intuitive screen layout and interactions help the user check the condition of their device at a single glance and maintain their smartphone easily without expert knowledge, as it enables them to take prompt actions if problems, such as malware (viruses, spyware), arise.

Some Galaxy devices may not support some of the features outlined below.
App updates via the Google Play store are only available on some devices.

 [Main features]
- Reports the current condition of a customer's smartphone on a 100-point scale;
- Optimizes a smartphone in one simple click;
- Analyzes battery usage on a per-app basis and saves battery power by checking unused apps via App power monitor;
- Identifies battery-draining apps;
- Provides Power saving mode and Maximum power saving mode to ensure that the user can enjoy their smartphone for an extended period of time;
- Offers a feature to remove unnecessary files automatically;
- Manages and frees up RAM efficiently;
- Detects malware (viruses, spyware) and provides real-time protection for smartphones; and
"</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>- Your phone will restart after the update is installed.
- bug fixes</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl/><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL/><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-4</ratingValue><ratingNumber>4.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>10.0.00.56</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>11.27 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2019.03.06</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.lool?session_id=W_12B4B854D1A0BB519E34AC3EB6F08CD0&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>|||||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>"Device Care - optimize your Galaxy smartphone

For a more pleasant experience while using your Galaxy smartphone, try the ""Device Care"" app by Samsung Electronics. With the ""Device Care"" app, ...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Device Care - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.lool</appId><Screenshot><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>이진주</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>