<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.samsungpay.gear</appId><contentId>000003708327</contentId><contentName>Samsung Pay (Watch plug-in) Zone2</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>The Samsung Gear app now enables you to use Samsung Pay on Gear S3. To access, you must install the most up-to-date version of the Samsung Gear app on your compatible mobile device. Samsung Pay will be accessible from the menu and will provide the Samsung Pay user interface to manage cards and notification settings and access the Samsung Pay Terms of Service and transaction history. 
Samsung Pay on Gear S3 is now officially available for use
You’re now able to buy a bottle of water or pick up the dry cleaning, almost anywhere you can use your contactless card*, even if you don’t have your phone or wallet with you.
*Available with participating banks and merchants on selected cards, on contactless terminals. A payment limit may apply, subject to merchant policies.

Simple Steps to Pay
You’re ready to start paying once you activate Samsung Pay on the Samsung Gear app, register a compatible card, authenticate your ID and set-up your security PIN. Simply press and hold the “Back” key to launch Samsung Pay, select your card, and pay by holding your Gear S3 near a contactless terminal.

Leave Your Phone Behind 
Roam without your phone. Pay without a hassle. Samsung Pay on your Gear S3 can be used even without your phone nearby, so you can shop untethered.**
** Samsung Pay on Gear S3 does not require a network connection to make in-store purchases, but your should connect your Gear S3 to the internet at least once per day via LTE, WiFi or Bluetooth pairing with you compatible smartphone to ensure that Samsung Pay stays up to date and remains active. You can perform several authentications/transactions during a period without internet access, after which your Gear S3 will need an internet connection before additional authentications will process. Samsung Pay does require an active internet connection to activate the app and add a new card.

Eligible Devices
Samsung Pay on Gear S3 is offered to users with the most up-to-date version of the Samsung Gear app synced with a Samsung or non-Samsung smartphone with Android OS 4.4 and above and with any of following resolutions: 1280x800, 1280x720, 1920x1080, 2560x1440 and 3840x2160.

Compatible Banks and Credit Cards
Samsung Pay supports First Direct, M&amp;S Bank, MBNA, Nationwide, HSBC and Santander. We are endeavouring to add new financial partners to support Samsung Pay. A detailed list of supported credit and debit cards that are compatible with Samsung Pay can be found at: http://www.samsung.com/uk/samsung-pay/ 

Secure and Private
Your actual account number is never shared with a retailer. Samsung Pay transmits a one-time use digital token each time a transaction is made. Samsung Pay is protected by Samsung KNOX® while transactions can only be authorized with your PIN. For added security, you can remotely lock or erase your payment cards in Samsung Pay using the 'Samsung Find My Mobile' service for your mobile device. 

Service Notice
Samsung Pay on Gear S3 does not support all functionality provided in Samsung Pay for smartphones (including, without limitation, use loyalty cards and redeem bar-code based vouchers). We are constantly working to add more features. Stay tuned!

Feedback
We appreciate your interest in using the Samsung Pay on Gear S3 and helping us craft the best experience possible. Any consumer feedback is welcome and can be shared with us on 0330 726 7729. Any feedback you send to Samsung, electronically or otherwise, is and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, unless otherwise stated in the Samsung Privacy Policy (https://account.samsung.com/membership/pp)</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000003708327/IconImage_20190812042852228_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics (UK) Limited (SEUK)</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics (UK) Limited (SEUK)</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003708327/IconImage_20190812042852228_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>14</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>1.9.1206</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>35.45 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2019.08.12</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.samsungpay.gear?session_id=W_301AC895C6384DBC67D7500F7A553725&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>sms</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560|1440x2560||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>The Samsung Gear app now enables you to use Samsung Pay on Gear S3. To access, you must install the most up-to-date version of the Samsung Gear app on your compatible mobile device. Samsung Pay wil...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Pay (Watch plug-in) Zone2 - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.samsungpay.gear</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003708327/ENG/ScreenShot_20190812042852228_1440_2560_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003708327/ENG/ScreenShot_20190812042852228_1440_2560_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003708327/ENG/ScreenShot_20190812042852228_1440_2560_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003708327/ENG/ScreenShot_20190812042852228_1440_2560_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003708327/ENG/ScreenShot_20190812042852228_1440_2560_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003708327/ENG/ScreenShot_20190812042852228_1440_2560_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003708327/ENG/ScreenShot_20190812042852228_1440_2560_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003708327/ENG/ScreenShot_20190812042852228_1440_2560_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>.</sellerTradeName><representation>.</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>주민호</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber/><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>