<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><commentList><modifyDate>2023.02.24</modifyDate><createDate>2023.02.24</createDate><userId/><commentText>Take me now</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>scot**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.02.20</modifyDate><createDate>2023.02.20</createDate><userId/><commentText>Issue with adding spaces when using Blackberry Hub Inbox with Grammerly enabled in the keyboard.

Please fix!</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>time**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.02.19</modifyDate><createDate>2023.02.19</createDate><userId/><commentText>not getting predictive text anymore it's all jumbled words</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-2</ratingValueNumber><loginId>ellu**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.02.16</modifyDate><createDate>2023.02.16</createDate><userId/><commentText>SAMSUNG KEYBOARD IS BROKEN! It's an unmitigated disaster.</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>gum_**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2023.02.13</modifyDate><createDate>2023.02.13</createDate><userId/><commentText>Frankly, the suggested spelling and corrections are catastrophically bad. If I accidentally write "ot" instead of "of" and go back to fix it, it suggests words starting with "ot" like "other" instead of the most obvious reason - that I hit the wrong key. It's also autocorrecting words that don't need it, for example it corrected "apple" to "apples" for absolutely no reason. I've just got this version after happily using an S7 for the past 4 years and can't believe that a new phone feels this much like a DOWNgrade. Fix it!!!! If I'm correcting a word, chances are it's because I hit the wrong key, not because I want to add things on the end! I can't quite believe the spell check is this bad!!!</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-1</ratingValueNumber><loginId>moll**</loginId></commentList><commentList><modifyDate>2022.12.25</modifyDate><createDate>2022.12.25</createDate><userId/><commentText>It's bomb squad styling</commentText><commentStatudCode/><sellerAnswerFlag>false</sellerAnswerFlag><registerTypeCode></registerTypeCode><ratingValueNumber>stars rating-stars-5</ratingValueNumber><loginId>patr**</loginId></commentList><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.android.honeyboard</appId><contentId>000006555633</contentId><contentName>Samsung Keyboard</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Have fun typing with Samsung Keyboard. Various input methods and convenient features help make typing easier and more convenient for you.

 [Key Features]
• Multilanguage support
 - Samsung Keyboard supports over 370 languages.

• Smart typing
 - Predictive text: Learns how you type and recommends words and phrases as you type. The recommendation feature will perform better based on the data Samsung Keyboard gathers for each user.
 - Auto spell check: Finds typos and suggests correct alternatives. 
 - Text shortcuts: Creates shortcuts for frequently used words and phrases. You can easily input text by typing shortcuts and selecting text from the recommendation window.
 - Switching input languages: You can change the input language by swiping the spacebar to the left or right.
 - It provides optimized keys for different input windows such as address, email, and search.
 - Samsung Keyboard analyzes how you usually type, so it will correct your typos.

• Various input methods
 - Clipboard: You can select text or images saved to the clipboard, and paste them.
 - Keyboard swipe controls: You can input text or move the cursor by performing gestures on the keyboard screen.
 - Voice input and Handwriting recognition are available.
 - Split keyboard, Floating keyboard, and One-handed input keyboard are available.

• Keyboard custom settings
 - Long-press the Custom key to open the Option and Symbol list, and select one that you want to assign a shortcut for. (e.g., Voice input, Handwriting recognition, Clipboard, Emoji, One-handed input mode, Keyboard settings, or Symbols)
 - Custom symbols: Save your frequently used symbols and favorite symbols, and use them later. Open the Symbol list by long-pressing the period (.) to easily input symbols.
 - Keyboard size, Number keys, and Alternative characters: You can adjust the keyboard size freely in all four directions, and also decide whether or not the Number keys and Alternative characters should be included on the keyboard.
 - High contrast keyboard: Samsung Keyboard provides a high-contrast keyboard to take into account users with low vision or color vision impairment.

• Other features
 - Emoji: Express your personality in a fun way using over 3,000 emojis.
 - Language update: It adds and learns new words on a regular basis. You can update languages via the Keyboard settings.
 - It provides optimized keyboard layouts when you are using Car mode, Samsung DeX, or a Keyboard cover, and also supports text input via a hardware keyboard.

 ※ The available features may differ depending on the country or the device.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>1. Fixed the issue with voice input not working in Italian.
2. Fixed the issue in which previously entered text became duplicated if several voice input attempts were made within 3 seconds. 
3. Fixed an issue where the Korean language was not able to type when an external physical keyboard was connected (including a keyboard with mouse properties).</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000006555633/IconImage_20221102043925880_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006555633/IconImage_20221102043925880_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>5.6.00.40</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>79.52 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2022.11.02</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.samsung.android.honeyboard?session_id=W_FC783402D56590C11AD657A929003D99&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>microphone</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1440x2880|1440x2880|1440x2880|1440x2880||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Have fun typing with Samsung Keyboard. Various input methods and convenient features help make typing easier and more convenient for you.

 [Key Features]
• Multilanguage support
 - Samsung Keyboar...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Keyboard - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.samsung.android.honeyboard</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006555633/ENG/ScreenShot_20221102043925880_1440_2880_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006555633/ENG/ScreenShot_20221102043925880_1440_2880_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006555633/ENG/ScreenShot_20221102043925880_1440_2880_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006555633/ENG/ScreenShot_20221102043925880_1440_2880_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006555633/ENG/ScreenShot_20221102043925880_1440_2880_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006555633/ENG/ScreenShot_20221102043925880_1440_2880_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006555633/ENG/ScreenShot_20221102043925880_1440_2880_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006555633/ENG/ScreenShot_20221102043925880_1440_2880_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Keyboard TG</firstName><lastName>Keyboard TG</lastName><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>6</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>