<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.samsung.sree.classic</appId><contentId>000006357739</contentId><contentName>Samsung Global Goals WatchFace Classic</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>An app created to help end poverty, end hunger, reduce inequalities, tackle climate change and help make the world a better place.

Download the Samsung Global Goals app and help take action on the Global Goals. The 17 Global Goals, also called the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), were built on decades of work by the UN and adopted by all 193 host countries. The Samsung Global Goals app is a unique approach supporting the Global Goals; made by Samsung in partnership with the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP). The ad revenue from the ads in this app will go to support your favorite Global Goals.

Learn about the 17 Global Goals, earn money, and donate to your favorite Goal.

Take the power of mobile advertising and turn it into a force for good.
Upgrade to a unique and inspirational lock screen wallpaper experience every time you pick up your device.

Show what you stand for. Show your support for the #GlobalGoals.

The Samsung Global Goals app features:
- A unique wallpaper lock screen experience, showing you something thought provoking about a Goal each time you unlock your phone.
- Detailed information about each of the 17 goals with key facts and figures.
- Choose which goals you’d like to donate to.
- Support for 19 languages: English, French, Spanish, Portuguese ,Russian, Arabic, Korean, Japanese, Hindi, Bhasa Indonesia, Bhasa Malay, Thai, Vietnamese, Turkish, Polish, German, Swedish, Italian, Mandarin

Here’s how it works
1. Download and Install the app
2. Use your phone like you always do
3. See interesting wallpapers and ads. Any ads you see from this app, earn money for donations that support the Global Goals; fighting to end poverty, reducing inequalities, and tackling climate change.
4. Accumulate earnings
5. Donate to your favorite Goals. All of the donations from the Ads displayed by this app will be made by Samsung to the United Nations Development Program.

About the app:
The Samsung Global Goals app is brought to you by Samsung in partnership with the UNDP. As a global corporate citizen and the largest global manufacturer of android devices by volume we have a responsibility to invest in the planets future. Together with your support we hope to bring awareness about the #GlobalGoals campaign to everyone in the world. By donating your time and attention, we know that we can bring significant funds, resources, and ideas to the UN to support the many initiatives at the front lines of solving the biggest challenges that the planet faces. This app is just the start, and we have much bigger dreams and ambitious about how Samsung can help bring about a more sustainable future.

About the UN’s SDGs:
The UN’s 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, featuring the 17 Sustainable Development Goals, were unanimously adopted by world leaders at a historic UN summit in September 2015. By aligning national priorities with the 2030 Agenda and working together with the private sector and civil society, governments and companies have started mobilizing efforts to end poverty, address inequalities and tackle climate change by 2030.

Special thanks to Project Everyone &amp; Perfect Day for their support. Project Everyone is a not-for-profit communications agency dedicated to raising awareness of the #GlobalGoals campaign.

For more information check out :
- https://www.samsung.com/us/aboutsamsung/sustainability/strategy/
- https://globalgoals.org
- http://www.undp.org
- https://project-everyone.org</contentDescription><contentNewDescription>UI Improvement</contentNewDescription><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000006357739/IconImage_20231123095158968_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006357739/IconImage_20231123095158968_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>2.0.01.1</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>3.03 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2023.11.23</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://GearProductDetail/com.samsung.sree.classic?session_id=W_575FC87F5D0A811BFAFD424BA3F3602F&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList/><screenshotRes>1024x1024|1024x1024|1024x1024|1024x1024||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>Y</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>An app created to help end poverty, end hunger, reduce inequalities, tackle climate change and help make the world a better place.

Download the Samsung Global Goals app and help take action on the...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Samsung Global Goals WatchFace Classic - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>G</appType><appId>com.samsung.sree.classic</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006357739/ENG/ScreenShot_20231123095158968_1024_1024_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006357739/ENG/ScreenShot_20231123095158968_1024_1024_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006357739/ENG/ScreenShot_20231123095158968_1024_1024_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006357739/ENG/ScreenShot_20231123095158968_1024_1024_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006357739/ENG/ScreenShot_20231123095158968_1024_1024_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006357739/ENG/ScreenShot_20231123095158968_1024_1024_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006357739/ENG/ScreenShot_20231123095158968_1024_1024_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000006357739/ENG/ScreenShot_20231123095158968_1024_1024_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Giripal Rawat</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>