<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.amazon.mShop.android.shopping</appId><contentId>000003613977</contentId><contentName>Amazon Shopping</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>The Amazon Shopping app lets you shop for millions of products and manage your Amazon orders from anywhere. Browse and shop by department, compare prices, read reviews, share products with friends, check out Deals, make purchases, and check the status of your orders. Comparing prices and product availability is now even easier by searching with your voice, taking a picture of any product with your camera, or simply typing in your search. Never miss a deal with easy access to Lightning Deals, the Deal of the Day, and ship and get automatically notified when your order ships and arrives at its destination. The Amazon Shopping App also includes support for Android Wear. Customers with Android 4.3 and above in the US with an Android Wear watch can use their voice to search, buy products, and save shopping ideas to their Wish List. Just say “Start Amazon Shopping” from your Wear watch. With the Amazon Shopping app, you always have full access to your Shopping Basket, Wish Lists, payment and Prime shipping options, Subscribe &amp; Save order history, and 1-Click settings, just like on the full Amazon.co.uk site. All Amazon Shopping app purchases are routed through Amazon's secure servers to encrypt and safeguard your personal information.
-The Amazon Underground app includes enhanced features and access to content, on top of what is available in the Amazon Shopping app found on Google Play. Underground combines Amazon’s best mobile shopping experience with instant streaming of Amazon Prime Video plus over $10,000 in apps, games, and even in-app items that are actually free. Unlimited lives, levels, upgrades – everything. Shop millions of digital and physical products in Amazon’s catalog and manage your orders from anywhere. Optimized for your mobile phone, Underground allows you to quickly search, compare prices, read reviews, share products with friends, access Gold Box deals (US only) and make purchases securely. 
 -The app requires the permissions listed below to operate properly. We have provided a specific explanation of how the app uses each permission so that our customers can be sure that we are using them in their best interests, to improve the customer experience:
 +Read Contacts permission is used to provide customers access to their phone contacts from the app for the purposes of sending Amazon gift cards. 
 +SMS permission is used to simplify the sign up process for features such as Mobile Carrier Billing and Amazon Mobile Accounts that require phone number verification. 
 +Camera permission is used to enable the Scan It feature, which allows customers to perform product searches by scanning a barcode or pointing their camera at a product they are interested in.
 +Microphone permission is used to enable the voice search and voice assistant features, and the microphone is left off when these features are not in use.
 +Location permission is used to enable a convenience store delivery service offered by Amazon in France and Japan only. 
 +Phone status permission is required to support notifications in China.
 +Storage permission is used to enable the downloading of 3rd party apps from the Amazon Underground App to device storage.
 +Account permission is used by the Amazon app suite for account authentication on selected handsets
 +Within the app you are able to place a call to Amazon Customer Service. Tap Menu -> More -> Help -> Call Customer Service and we will place the proper number in the phone app and dial it.
 -The Underground App is for Smartphones as well as Tablets.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000003613977/IconImage_20190522071656225_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003613977/IconImage_20190522071656225_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>16.18.0.100</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>44.75 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2019.05.22</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.amazon.mShop.android.shopping?session_id=W_0FB6CDD6366523D7EC8E3EB27D54DAEF&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>sms</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>microphone</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>3840x3840|3840x3840|3840x3840|3840x3840||||</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>The Amazon Shopping app lets you shop for millions of products and manage your Amazon orders from anywhere. Browse and shop by department, compare prices, read reviews, share products with friends,...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Amazon Shopping - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.amazon.mShop.android.shopping</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003613977/ENG/ScreenShot_20190522071656225_3840_3840_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003613977/ENG/ScreenShot_20190522071656225_3840_3840_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003613977/ENG/ScreenShot_20190522071656225_3840_3840_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003613977/ENG/ScreenShot_20190522071656225_3840_3840_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003613977/ENG/ScreenShot_20190522071656225_3840_3840_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003613977/ENG/ScreenShot_20190522071656225_3840_3840_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003613977/ENG/ScreenShot_20190522071656225_3840_3840_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000003613977/ENG/ScreenShot_20190522071656225_3840_3840_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Miguel Diaz Martinez</firstName><lastName/><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>