<HashMap><Sticker><previewImgUrl/><stickerType/></Sticker><DetailMain><appId>com.celltick.lockscreen</appId><contentId>000002198933</contentId><contentName>Start Telcel</contentName><contentType>1</contentType><shopId>test0astor00082</shopId><storeType/><contentDescription>Upgrade your Screen Lock into a Smart &amp; Beautiful Start Screen with Start - the best Lock Screen replacement app for AndroidTM. Stay organized with Start’s private and secure screen lock app Unlock the potential of your Android Lock Screen without unlocking your phone!&#xd;
&#xd;
Cool Screen Lock Widgets&#xd;
Forget unlocking the pin code! You get quick access to your favorite apps, contacts &amp; media right from the Start. Launch apps, weather notifications, news updates and social media alerts with Start’s lockscreen widgets. Bypass the pin code to get all of this on your home screen! It’s not just an on/off screen lock anymore!&#xd;
Millions of people have already made their Android devices more personalized with Start’s lockscreens - you’re next! Aren’t you glad you own an Android?&#xd;
&#xd;
New! Start Magazine- Your single place for everything that interests you the most&#xd;
Catch up on the topics you care about &amp; discover amazing things from around the world, with our beautifully designed, magazine style, content supplement. Start magazine allows:&#xd;
&#xd;
• Quick &amp; easy access to a variety of news &amp; content sources&#xd;
• Easy &amp; intuitive navigation and content discovery&#xd;
• Localized &amp; personalized content&#xd;
• Quality content in a variety of topics: News, Sports, Entertainment, Business, Movies, Technology, Science and many more.&#xd;
Simply swipe the magazine shortcut to enjoy the fabulous world of content.&#xd;
&#xd;
Maintain your Mobile Security &amp; Privacy&#xd;
Lock your home screen with Start and keep your mobile phone private &amp; secure. Choose either a pin code lock or a secured pattern line lock for your cover screen and avoid having your phone hacked by strangers and intruders.&#xd;
&#xd;
Quick Access to Everything Important&#xd;
Tired of navigating through menus in search of your favorite apps, contacts or features? Bypass the pin code and find everything that matters within seconds with Start. Search the web, open apps, view notifications, check emails and missed calls, access quick settings and even take selfie pictures - instantly! Accessing your social media feeds is now a matter of seconds.&#xd;
&#xd;
Pick a FREE Background Image&#xd;
Personalize your phone with Start’s interactive themes, live wall papers and background images. Choose from a large variety of free wallpapers and backgrounds such as Aquarium live wallpapers, nature interactive themes and more.&#xd;
&#xd;
★Weather Updates: See live weather updates &amp; forecasts with our built in Weather widgets. – Plan your day without surprises!)&#xd;
★Apps Shortcut: Access apps &amp; notifications right from your lock screen.&#xd;
&#xd;
Additional Features&#xd;
Start is packed with great additional features:&#xd;
✔Simple Navigation: With a single swipe, you can call, message, take photos, listen to music, launch apps, browse pictures, and more!&#xd;
✔Selfie Camera: Taking Selfies was never easier, access your front camera, take a selfie picture and edit it – right from your cover screen.&#xd;
✔Smart Search: Search for apps and contacts on your device or do web search – - enjoy features that supports standard as well as voice search.&#xd;
✔Social Networks: View your social media activity right from your Lockscreen.&#xd;
✔Notifications Manager: With Start, your important notifications are always in front of you.</contentDescription><contentNewDescription/><cnvrnImgUrl>/productNew/000002198933/IconImage_20170120191649742_NEW_WEB_ICON.png</cnvrnImgUrl><youtubeUrl/><youtubeImgUrl/><itemGroupId/><itemPurchaseFlag>N</itemPurchaseFlag><prepostFlag>Y</prepostFlag><sellerName>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</sellerName><copyrightHolder>Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.</copyrightHolder><sellerId/><iconURL>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002198933/IconImage_20170120191649742_NEW_WAP_ICON_512_512.png</iconURL><localPrice>$0.00</localPrice><discountPrice/><discountFlag>N</discountFlag><freeFlag>Y</freeFlag><ctntLanguageCode>DFT</ctntLanguageCode><limitAgeCd>0</limitAgeCd><limitAgeDetail/><contentGradeImageUrl/><ratingValue>stars rating-stars-0</ratingValue><ratingNumber>0.0</ratingNumber><commentListTotalCount/><contentBinaryVersion>4.6.6.4.100</contentBinaryVersion><contentBinarySize>22.32 MB</contentBinarySize><customerSupportEmail/><sellerPrivatePolicy/><sellerSite/><commentTitle/><editorComment/><countryCode>AUS</countryCode><locale>en</locale><modifyDate>2017.01.23</modifyDate><generalCategoryId/><generalCategoryName/><categoryPath/><deeplinkUrl>samsungapps://ProductDetail/com.celltick.lockscreen?session_id=W_F614429135C83D7237637DABFB011DC2&amp;gsw_source=GSWebToDetail</deeplinkUrl><managerlinkUrl/><permissionList><permissionList>storage</permissionList><permissionList>sensors</permissionList><permissionList>phone</permissionList><permissionList>sms</permissionList><permissionList>call_log</permissionList><permissionList>location</permissionList><permissionList>camera</permissionList><permissionList>contacts</permissionList></permissionList><screenshotRes>1080x1840|1080x1840|1080x1840|1080x1840</screenshotRes><contentBinaryWatchType>N</contentBinaryWatchType></DetailMain><page_meta_desc>Upgrade your Screen Lock into a Smart &amp; Beautiful Start Screen with Start - the best Lock Screen replacement app for AndroidTM. Stay organized with Start’s private and secure screen lock app Unlock...</page_meta_desc><page_title>Start Telcel - Apps on Galaxy Store</page_title><appType>A</appType><appId>com.celltick.lockscreen</appId><Screenshot><scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002198933/ENG/ScreenShot_20170120191649742_1080_1840_320_1.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002198933/ENG/ScreenShot_20170120191649742_1080_1840_1.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002198933/ENG/ScreenShot_20170120191649742_1080_1840_320_2.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002198933/ENG/ScreenShot_20170120191649742_1080_1840_2.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002198933/ENG/ScreenShot_20170120191649742_1080_1840_320_3.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002198933/ENG/ScreenShot_20170120191649742_1080_1840_3.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList><scrnShtUrlList><smallScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002198933/ENG/ScreenShot_20170120191649742_1080_1840_320_4.png</smallScrnShtUrl><originalScrnShtUrl>https://img.samsungapps.com/productNew/000002198933/ENG/ScreenShot_20170120191649742_1080_1840_4.png</originalScrnShtUrl></scrnShtUrlList></scrnShtUrlList><screenshotUrl/><screenshotSeq/><langCd/><scrnShtHrztSize/><scrnShtVrtcSize/><screenshotCnt/><screenshotRes/></Screenshot><urlPath>prepost</urlPath><platform>UNKNOWN</platform><SellerInfo><sellerType/><sellerTradeName>Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd.</sellerTradeName><representation>Jong Hee Han</representation><sellerSite/><firstName>Luiz Carlos</firstName><lastName>Contrera Mingues</lastName><sellerNumber/><firstSellerAddress/><secondSellerAddress/><registrationNumber>1248100998</registrationNumber><reportNumber/></SellerInfo><commentListTotalCount>0</commentListTotalCount></HashMap>